I think a lot of people have this problem, especially when they are depressed. I know that when I'm especially hating on myself, I don't like looking at the mirror. I think we can be way too harsh with ourselves. It's hard for mew to look at myself when I'm super caught up with how I'm supposed to be at my age and everything. You're not alone in this feeling. We need to be kinder and more forgiving of ourselves.;weak
Celebrating the small things is important! Keep setting small goals!;weak
"not really a form of depression, but it can definitely be a symptom of it. Feeling that you are worthless, a burden, a failure, are all very common to those suffering from depression. What separates it from simply having low self esteem, which many people do, are whether or not you have the other symptoms associated with depression. Things like lack of energy and interest, hopelessness about the future, difficulty sleeping/eating/focusing, suicidal thoughts; experiencing these things on a consistent basis for weeks/months/years is definitely indicative of some sort of depression. Take some time and think about how you feel and been causing it, Do some research into your thoughts and what others say about it. If you decide you need or want help, be afraid to reach out to others and communicate your troubles. I wish you the best of luck, you got this.";weak
Yes I feel guilty all the time. I want to be and do these things that seem simple to others yet I struggle to wake up everyday just to take care of them. I have a hard time feeling a connection to one of my kids and I work really hard to make sure that's not felt by her;no
Some days I go the whole day without even knowing what day it is. And fuck I hate weekends.;no
Even if I won't do it, other people will constantly do it for me.;no
This is a normal feeling. I've felt this. I don't have much constructive to say except that it is something that is completely okay to feel, and the feeling will fade as you feel better more often.;weak
Sending love and support, friend!;weak
What do you think? What are three major pros and cons of each for you?;no
All the time. On paper, my life is fucking fantastic, but I'm still always sad. And I don't know how to make it better, because everything's already pretty great;weak
I'm very sorry that happened to you - I know the pain of loving someone and not having them love you back - How long have you back feeling depressed for?;strong
Dude. This feeling, I know it, and sadly, this is a common go-to response for a lot of people who simply have nothing better to contribute. It's out of context and beside the point in essence. It's a variation of the ever popular At least you aren't a starving kid in [insert country here]! and more generally It could be worse! Like, yes, thanks very much Captain Obvious, everything is relative, but that's beside the point? It's invalidating, insensitive and snobby, at best, and I have no idea if it helps you feel any better, but when a lot of people say it, they do think they're doing some genuine good to help you feel better, despite being wildly misinformed on how hurtful that phrase actually is. My boyfriend said this to me more frequently in the past and after YEARS of explaining why this is not a good response, he's slowly using it less, but when it pops up, my typical counter is That does not help me/make me feel better at all, and that typically shuts him up or at least makes him think about what he just said. In any case, I'm sorry you had that shitty non-reason response thrown at you. What you're going through is real and valid, even if others choose not to acknowledge it.;strong
Dude. This feeling, I know it, and sadly, this is a common go-to response for a lot of people who simply have nothing better to contribute. It's out of context and beside the point in essence. It's a variation of the ever popular At least you aren't a starving kid in [insert country here]! and more generally It could be worse! Like, yes, thanks very much Captain Obvious, everything is relative, but that's beside the point? It's invalidating, insensitive and snobby, at best, and I have no idea if it helps you feel any better, but when a lot of people say it, they do think they're doing some genuine good to help you feel better, despite being wildly misinformed on how hurtful that phrase actually is. My boyfriend said this to me more frequently in the past and after YEARS of explaining why this is not a good response, he's slowly using it less, but when it pops up, my typical counter is That does not help me/make me feel better at all, and that typically shuts him up or at least makes him think about what he just said. In any case, I'm sorry you had that shitty non-reason response thrown at you. What you're going through is real and valid, even if others choose not to acknowledge it.;strong
I'm so sorry to hear about your situation--that's a really difficult thing to have to endure, especially with your family's lack of understanding. I don't think you should give up the possibility of finding relief for your pain--even if there is not a reliable treatment now, pain relief is a major area of medical science research. (Is medical marijuana legal where you live, or if not is it a possibility to move to where it is?) You might find support and recommendations at r/sciatica Hang in there. I would strongly recommend trying to talk to a therapist if that's an option. Otherwise, it seems to me the other most important thing you can do is to try to find work or an activity, paid or unpaid, that is meaningful to you (if movement is an issue, look up online opportunities) which will help you get your mind off of your pain.;strong
In the same boat, worst feeling;no
I sometimes respond with oh yeah im very good today and start laughing but they never understand why im laughing.;no
Is that really so bad? Maybe it was the smart decision because you needed that time to read recover. You're being kind to yourself when you need it and that's important. Hope you feel better soon.;weak
Hey, mind sharing what your situation is so i can maybe help you?;weak
everyones brain chemistry is different so it's going to have differing effects at differing times for everyone. The doctor can't really say for sure because science doesn't even really know how or why the drug truly works. It's just a general rule that they have to tell you is to give it at least 6 weeks or so. Not surprising at all that it has made you feel a lot better at 3 weeks, that's when it usually kicks in for me as well. And yes they are designed to build up in your system over time. So it should keep on getting better for 6 months or so (with diminishing increases over time) for it to be at full strength. But again everyone is affected a little differently. Source: have been on many anti depressants for almost a decade.;no
So sorry for your loss;strong
YOU ARE NOT ALONE!!!! You posting here proves that. No matter what give up. There is always a better day, a better year, and a better life. There is so much help waiting for you. Talk it all out here if you need to, we judge and we can all relate. Please rob the world of your life! PM if you need help or need to talk, always willing to!;weak
Thanks for sharing with us and helping those who can't speak about the same thing. The bigger question is why do you need to stay away from people? What about this situation makes it worse? And why is it a problem for you?;no
the two are combined. The happy moments in the past breaking my heart while I have nothing to look forward to. No hope no prospects.;no
Hi Jaret. Please confirm to me that you are not Jaret from Bowling for Soup. Then please tell us a bit more. We'd love to hear and to talk with you.;weak
You realize what s wrong. There's many things wrong and even though you're depressed you are comfortable in some way. Because realizing you must change your ways, can put some one in a discomfort zone. Truth is, you have to leave your comfort zones behind sometime in order to work on your happiness. An example Some one who is desperately trying to lose wieght will put himself ahead with a struggle to his mind and body, but he knows that the outcome is what matters. He has to deal with discomfort to loose his wieght. There's no other way, that's just how life is. A surgery to lose wieght would be a pass. There's no free passes or shortcuts in life and many learn the hard way.;no
Some people are sensitive. Don't change the good things about yourself just because some people don't understand silence.;no
I'm so happy for you! This is definitely a good sign.;strong
Meds can help get you back up on your feet. They're not the end all be all solution to all your problems, but I recommend getting on them just to see if they'll do anything for you.;no
"&gt; there is always a way to fix it! No there isn't.";no
The thing is, you never know when it gets better. Maybe a year from now, maybe tomorrow. However it's worth to wait.;no
I asked my therapist last week the same question and she promised that it would pass and get better. So to hoping she was telling the truth for both our sakes;no
Maybe think about the things you like or enjoy, and try to find online forums that deal with those topics. Maybe there's a video game you really dig? Or a character from a movie or something like that? That can be a way to find common ground and connect with other people.;no
I feel the same. I do my best to push through every day and hope tomorrow will be better and it never is. Please don't do it. If I'm still here, you better stay too.;weak
What would you like to do? Hugs, hope things become better for you soon! :);strong
Currently in the middle of this. Don't want to get out of bed. No desire to see other people. Never remember anything. But I have 2 jobs and I'm a student. I don't have a choice but to be high functioning. It makes me hate my depression (because it's inconvenient), leaving me even more depressed.;no
Pm me if you want to talk;weak
People say this because people are hopeful. They know that depression is something that turns you against yourself. That depression changes you so you dont even realize that those dark thoughts in your head even you. Depression is a parasite. I have dealt with depression and anxiety for over a decade and I always thought to myself it will get better on its own. But truth be told, it just kept getting worse and worse. I had to reach out for help before it got better. Personally, it took me time to figure out that anxiety and depression a part of me. It is not who I am, it is something that afflicted me. Many times anxiety and depression isnt a burden you can lift yourself. It takes support and continuous work to overcome. Depression and anxiety is definitely something that can get better, it just takes time to find the right ways to overcome it.;no
When you start alternating the shops where you buy your booze in order to hide your problem from the cashiers (not sure it's the right word, I'm French), you're pretty far gone.;no
I love you all. Genuinely the replies here made me feel much less alone. your kindness is beautiful;strong
Happy to listen if you care to type, pm me any time, also I care about you.;weak
You stop by examining your negative habits that you have and changing them, and also committing to yourself to not push people away even when you want to. It's your natural response sure, but you really have to struggle to change that pattern. It's going to take resistance, and you have to have motivation to do it.;no
There is no point to life. We find our own meaning in life. It sucks, but that's it. I'm sorry. I wish I could give you better answers. I love you.;strong
if you would like to talk feel free to send me a PM hun;weak
"Why the heck do we hate ourselves?! Man such as crappy lie we have bought from seriously the pit of hell. Nothing else could be so evil as to make us not believe we are worthy and deserving of a good life just as much as everyone else. Sorry to get weird there, it just makes me mad that anyone has to feel this way about themselves. Anyway, I have one scar on my arm from one time that I tried that and there forever. It still makes me sad when I see it. so sorry for what pain you are in. There will be a time in your future where you will not feel so much pain and will hopefully even feel better about yourself &amp; the future you will be so thankful if you permanently scar your face.";strong
"Why the heck do we hate ourselves?! Man such as crappy lie we have bought from seriously the pit of hell. Nothing else could be so evil as to make us not believe we are worthy and deserving of a good life just as much as everyone else. Sorry to get weird there, it just makes me mad that anyone has to feel this way about themselves. Anyway, I have one scar on my arm from one time that I tried that and there forever. It still makes me sad when I see it. so sorry for what pain you are in. There will be a time in your future where you will not feel so much pain and will hopefully even feel better about yourself &amp; the future you will be so thankful if you permanently scar your face.";strong
I'm not 'cured' but I'm a thousand times better than I used to be, there's a light at the end of the tunnel. The key has been little steps over a long time, unfortunately there are no quick fixes. Keep going, keep experimenting with treatments, there's one out there that'll work for you. You can do this!;weak
I'm sorry. You have no one to talk to?;strong
I think it's necessary to have a sense of humour. Usually it's a morbid humour :) my ability to joke actually increased a lot after I started suffering from depression.;no
Yea. Sorry. I know how you feel. feeling very alone today.;strong
Yeah i feel a little disoriented but in a good way lol;no
Know the feeling. My friends are married, they have kids, have homes of their own. Meanwhile, I'm still at home with my parents wondering what the fuck happened to my life at 31? But as others have said, Facebook is pretty much a crock of shit. I recently decided to out myself for being the manic depressive I am. Some people were kind about it, others pretended they gave a shit (more likely for the look how sympathetic I am play card.) Recently I've been pretty out with my highs and lows. My highs get a lot of love but as soon as I show my lows, I notice a massive difference in support. It's almost like they go out of their way to avoid the lows and reality of it. So yeah, Facebook is pretty much a crock of shit and it really does expose to you who people really are.;weak
Same.. no place for me in this world.;no
Same. I fantasize about shooting myself in the mouth, feeling the gun's cold black metal on my lips, hearing the trigger click, and being finally free from this bullshit.;no
*hugs* Try and take care of yourself. I know it seems hopeless and like your trapped but don't let this fucker get the best of you;strong
Wow, I'm kinda the opposite. I work at a legal firm too and sometimes I feel like i chose the wrong degree to pursue, i feel more lost and depressed working in law than I was before. What kind of work does your firm do?;no
so sorry that you are going through this as well. Is there anyone you might be able to talk with? I know waking up in the morning with thoughts of suicide can just ruin a day. Maybe if able you can try to do something fun or relaxing when you get home. I know it probably help right now but maybe it can help ease the thoughts for a bit. I wish I knew something that you could do while at work but I sorry. If you want to talk feel free to pm me. also at work with the same thoughts.;strong
I agree, some sort of pet that can show affection can help fight loneliness. Not only that but an animal can help give humans a purpose, something to provide for and keep alive.;weak
It's the little things that get me, I suppose. Whether it's a happy evening spent with family or an exciting roadtrip, everything just has something off about it. I also have anxiety, so this may play a role as well, but nearly every situation I can think of is tarnished by this overwhelming feeling of something being wrong. You feel out of place all the time and disconnected, like you're missing out on something everyone else is getting. And for me, I have no idea what is wrong, since it's impossible to pinpoint what isn't there. Thus, since the emotional side of everything is numbed, this feels like a storybook somewhere I'm a useless side character that the hero will never meet or care about. I want to feel happy, I just... don't. This blankness is what's really killing me, because now I can't build relationships or imagine a future. I'm destined to live alone and with no purpose. If you want a better grasp of the perspective, imagine seeing everyone as perfectly fine whereas you, for whatever reason, are the most ugly and screwed-up person imaginable. I know (or think I know) that it's rubbish, but I can't help but believe the voices, you know?;no
Are you alright? I know dealing with this shit is a bitch, but trust me...you aren't alone. I know I'm just a stranger on the internet, but I'm here if you need to talk.;weak
I hated school partly for this reason. Everyone always came back chatty and excited about what they'd done over the holidays. I had no one to tell what I'd been up to for the last few months. It was mostly just doing mundane stuff with my parents, but I still wanted to join in the conversation.;no
Sorry this is over a month old but I do hope you are feeling better. The thing about bottom is, there is only one other place to go. Talking things out with someone often puts things into perspective but even the act of just getting things off your chest usually helps. Let me know if you want to chat, I will listen.;strong
I was getting better around last November after 2 years of being a shut in. I got a job, moved out and on with my life, and was doing good. I started to decline about 4 months ago. I'm back to where I was. I moved back. No more job. No more new friends. The only thing that keeps me going is that this right now won't be forever. It's for now and it's so debilitating. I leave my bed to use the restroom, grab something to eat back in bed, and thats it for last week at my just getting here lowest points. And over time the time spent like this will get shorter and the time spent on that high curve will go longer and farther. I don't feel that in any way. I'm lucky to have had a decade of therapy to make me feel like I know it tho. Doesn't change the feeling at all but gives me a shred of hope to hang onto. I'm really sorry you feel that way mate. Some people don't do well with that kinda energy but there are a lot who will not care too and help you with their energy. My dad is neutral and doesn't care, but can't really help. My mother won't even be around me when I'm down. Even told me she can't stand it. Just having the 2 people I have right now for when I am down tho helps me a lot. Pm me if you ever wanna chat about whatever. Your energy doesn't affect mine.;strong
Sorry. I feel the same way. There's absolutely nothing in this life I want. It is kind of driving me crazy though because I don't know what to literally, actually do.;strong
Put some food out on a table you walk past often and each time you wall by, take a bite.;no
Dude. This feeling, I know it, and sadly, this is a common go-to response for a lot of people who simply have nothing better to contribute. It's out of context and beside the point in essence. It's a variation of the ever popular At least you aren't a starving kid in [insert country here]! and more generally It could be worse! Like, yes, thanks very much Captain Obvious, everything is relative, but that's beside the point? It's invalidating, insensitive and snobby, at best, and I have no idea if it helps you feel any better, but when a lot of people say it, they do think they're doing some genuine good to help you feel better, despite being wildly misinformed on how hurtful that phrase actually is. My boyfriend said this to me more frequently in the past and after YEARS of explaining why this is not a good response, he's slowly using it less, but when it pops up, my typical counter is That does not help me/make me feel better at all, and that typically shuts him up or at least makes him think about what he just said. In any case, I'm sorry you had that shitty non-reason response thrown at you. What you're going through is real and valid, even if others choose not to acknowledge it.;strong
You may as well do what you want. No one gets out alive.;no
It really does suck... Just waiting for an accident to happen or to finally snap and actually do something.;no
So sorry for your loss;strong
Sorry to hear you have been going through a rough time. Emotions can be hard to control and anger can be an easy out. It lets you feel powerful, in control of things. In therapy they teach you to sit-down often and sort through your emotions. What emotion are you experiencing right now? How do you identify it? What caused you to feel like this? What steps can you make to prevent this feeling? Try to walk yourself through some of these exercises. They might help you better understand your emotions so that you can control them in the future.;strong
I want you to be alive! :);weak
that be nice? I am in the same boat...for about the last 8 years it just keeps getting worse. I am sorry you are going through it too...I am not real hopeful about it getting better for me anytime soon, but I really hope it does for you. it strange that we can believe it can for someone else, a complete stranger on the internet, but not for ourselves? If not happiness, I hope you can find at least some peace and comfort in 2019.;strong
Ah I'm sorry :( Panic attack are awful but you certainly shouldn't feel embarrassed!;strong
Same, I just wish for an alien invasion or a cataclysm to happen soon.;no
You would have to be a horrible person to not deserve being liked.;no
I have that feeling too... but then I read it can be one of the symptoms of PTSD, so I really don't know what to think about it;no
sorry man. If people judge you for it then FUCK THEM;strong
Happy to listen if you care to type, pm me any time, also I care about you.;weak
check out the rhodiola book by gerbarg and brown and fish oil book by andrew stoll md;no
yes I have experienced that, still do from time to time. you are not alone;weak
Well, we're all here because we've been in the same place one time or another. I, myself, find it hard to believe that it gets better. But, there's always this tiny ray of hope that says just, JUST, hold on for a little longer. And since I've got nothing better to do, I obey.;weak
I'm around if you need someone to chat with. I'm sorry you're feeling sad. Sometimes it's such a painful and unbearable feeling.;strong
I am. It's hard to be sober, because I don't feel like the fun joyful person I am when I'm drunk. When I'm not drunk I'm depressed and anxious and in pain and I hate it. And I'm sorry that you're feeling like this :( I'm here for ya;strong
I could agree with that in a sense.;weak
Just let it out then, that's what this is place is for. Hugs, hope things become better for you soon! :);strong
happy birthday AND FUCK EVERYONE ELSE WHOS A DICK!!;no
"That is a very true definition of sadness. Just out of curiosity, why wouldn't you want to take a risk of trying different medications that might help you? You don't know how they affect you, until you try them. You state that things are unbearable now, so it seems worthwhile to try something that might help you to be happier - even if it causes a side effect of growing a 2nd big toe on your right foot! :)  The internet is hard to scientifically research complicated subjects. Most of the better data &amp; studies are not accessible or behind paywalls.  I hope that you are feeling a little better. We get new opportunities every day, but it is hard to get over mistakes in the past sometimes. Unfortunately, we can't change the past, until I finish the time machine that I'm working on in my basement. :) Feel free to contribute to my Kickstarter fundraiser! :)";weak
Sometimes, I feel like this is okay though. The not being okay. I think there's this expectation we all have just because everyone else and everything around us shows this picture perfect life that is normal. Also, I get to the opinion sometimes that when none of it matters, it's actually the most liberating, because then I am truly free of my worldly concerns. I don't know. Silver lining and framing and all that jazz. Best of luck, friend.;weak
I feel the same way and I guess kind of teach myself to just breakdown and cry when I get too overwhelmed with those kinds of feelings;no
Because your depressed? It most certainly should not. Definitely get the help you need.;no
Hey, if you ever want to talk about anything, I'm here for you. Just send me a message. You're not alone.;weak
Where are you in the world?;no
I just turned 20. 20 more years is an awfully long time. It hurts to even think it's gonna last that long.;no
Sorry this is over a month old but I do hope you are feeling better. The thing about bottom is, there is only one other place to go. Talking things out with someone often puts things into perspective but even the act of just getting things off your chest usually helps. Let me know if you want to chat, I will listen.;strong
"There are actually some studies that support this: depressed people are more likely to correctly assess probabilities and risk/reward in many situations. However, we also have documentable thought process issues, the primary being black and white thinking, all-or-nothing. So I don't think we get to claim to be the sane ones. ;)";no
There's absolutely no point. But that's beauty of it. You get to choose everything. Do whatever the fuck you want. Do I feel like rolling out of bed today? Maybe I can sleep in all day? Or I can slowly inch out? You have the strength to do anything but it takes time depending on how much of a deviation it is from your normalcy. It's obviously not going to come at all once. So take baby steps, and that applies to everything. Because once you get going...Objects in motion remain in motion unless acted upon by an external force. So make Monday your bitch. Fuck, make it a damn Saturday. The point is, you don't have to follow along by the universe's plan. If you don't want to, then don't do it. But all it takes is a single *want* to leave your bed. And that'll come eventually, so why delay it? You're not going to hide in your covers forever are you? Or is today the day you whip the universe into submission by just **thinking** about it?;weak
Same boat. It sucks. Hang in there cause it gets better for 99% of people! Things that make me feel better: -an episode of 'this american life' -a walk around the block or hiking -weed -making music or drawing or just being creative -journaling -broad city -talking about it. You have us, and there are therapy apps.;weak
Same. I get a weird feeling in my chest and it gets hard to focus. Which is weird because I loved it for 2 years before it started happening, I was known as a stoner and I loved being one. Now I try and avoid it. It gave me some amazing memories I'd love to relive but I just can't smoke without having the weird feeling happen, literally the smallest amount can make me feel weird.;no
It's true we live in a society where crying in public or hugging strangers are frowned upon. We've gone very far into the illusions of separation and it's going to take some time to break through these, but it's going to happen I have no doubt anymore! I'm sending you love and hugs through the wire even if it's only designed for 0 and 1, feel it!;strong
I'm so sorry you feel that way. Would you like to elaborate? I'm here if you need to chat;strong
I know the feeling. I had a girlfriend until May of this year, and part of me regrets breaking up with her even though we weren't meant for each other. Part of me wants to be in a relationship, and the other part thinks it would be a terrible idea and that I should be alone for the rest of my life. Admittedly, it is partly just because I'm lonely, which isn't a great thing for me to build a relationship on.;no
"Why the heck do we hate ourselves?! Man such as crappy lie we have bought from seriously the pit of hell. Nothing else could be so evil as to make us not believe we are worthy and deserving of a good life just as much as everyone else. Sorry to get weird there, it just makes me mad that anyone has to feel this way about themselves. Anyway, I have one scar on my arm from one time that I tried that and there forever. It still makes me sad when I see it. so sorry for what pain you are in. There will be a time in your future where you will not feel so much pain and will hopefully even feel better about yourself &amp; the future you will be so thankful if you permanently scar your face.";strong
I feel you there and I am so sorry! Those people suck!;strong
Yep, it often feels like a constant struggle to keep up the mood ): Have you tried blasting music and dancing crazily by yourself? That tends to help me prolong the mood for about an hour!;no
Oh... if a boss did that to me, I'd debate the heck out of him and put a mirror against him to make him understand his flaw/s (unless feelings of job loss risks arise) No boss is going to get away with putting his workers down, as ideally we're meant to cooperate together and not be slaves of one another.;weak
You arent I dont get defensive but yes talking about it to people make me feel like im burdoning them and then i feel even more like shit because im pushing my problems on someone else. Whats going on with you?;no
It might be your problem but you have to fight it alone. Humans are social animals. We survive by relying on each other. The group helps you when your down and in return you help the group when your good. You are down now and you can ask for help;no
Hope you're alright. Try and move on as fast as possible and keep this in the back of your head so you don't fall into a dangerous rebound. Keep your head up.;weak
Don't give up! You are valuable. You are strong. Take care of your physical and mental health. Practice self-love. Hope things get better for you.;weak
For me, it's because I think I'm a broken bottle of poison. All I do is hurt those around me, so I keep away both spirit and body. Those who care enough to try and help fix me end up getting hurt, and in the end, I'm still just a vial of poison. All I'm capable of doing is hurting others. I'm guessing this type of mindset sorta leaked into everything I do, so I tell myself not only do they do not want to be with me, they are better off for it.;no
I can't remember the last time I was happy, seriously. But I think I understand you. You are so used to being depressed like it's your normal state of being? And then you can feel this tiny bit of happiness and it feels strange, like you don't deserve it? I think you do deserve it.;weak
I cant and i feel like a failure because of it. It has been extrodinarily hard for me to hold a job, and I became homeless long term because of it. I still cant function like a normal, productive citizen despite going back to work numerous times. Its even harder when the peoppe around you judge. Im 31 now and most of my peers have their own houses by now. Its so agonizing for me even though i am happy for them. Ill keep trying to get myself back though. Im sorry youre going through this OP.;strong
sorry you feel this way. I do too. It provides a release.;strong
"Its not silly, its cruel ;-;";no
i deleted my social media a long time ago. And that seems nice Good luck;no
I don't have any feeling inside my chest, ever as far as I can remember. I mean literally, I'm not making some silly metaphor. I'm trying to figure out whether that might be a medical problem, or maybe it's normal and people just talk in metaphors all the time.;no
I'm so sorry you feel that pain. I know that pain all too well. That's amazing that you went so long without it! I can hardly manage three months, and I've been doing it for years. It's hard not to do it when you have no one to talk to. You are fine. People slip up here and there.;strong
That's a pretty profound question, but I think happiness is something that a lot of people don't understand. In a period or prolonged period of despair, I don't believe there can be happiness at all, and it's only after that period has been solved, over, attacked enough by effort and time, that you can start experiencing happiness. I don't think happiness and gratitude should be forced, or you should try to feel happy when you truly cannot feel happy. I'm still going through that period, and there might be rivets or jewels of happiness along the way, but they are fleeting and leave very quickly. The whole reason why people despair is because they are tied so strongly to negative emotional memories that they outweigh any trivial positive emotional memories. Think about it, which memories are the quickest, strongest, and most easily able to be remembered for you? The most emotional ones. If your most emotional memories are negative, you will be in despair. On the converse, if one's most emotional memories are positive, you will be in a state of happiness. There is a way to end your despair, you just have to face it head on and let go of everything, and keep trying to let go and accept. Very few people have any science on this and might be the thing we need to explore the most as a society as a whole.;weak
Good for you! I hope that your day gets even better! :);weak
Same I feel like I have failed to reach every goal I have set for myself. Although I kinda just accepted it at this point and stopped caring that I always fail and it strangely helps me get not so depressed about it anymore.;no
I'm sorry that haopened. I've never had a breakup because I always get rejected. I've had similar things so I can at least get an idea of how that must feel. But I believe you can find another girl you live.;strong
I wish I had killed myself months ago, but I keep pushing it off one more day. Hopefully one day I'll just have a random heart attack or stroke. Maybe one day things will improve for both of us though.;weak
Holy shit I can relate so well to this.;strong
You dont have to deal with stupid ppl.;no
I'm so sorry, I understand your loss. My grandma just passed away on 05/26. It's hard to accept that we will never spend time with them again and that everything we have now is just our memories. I know it seems cliche, but it really does get better with time.;strong
You know what? I feel exactly the same and I was trying to be positive for ONCE. I literally am having daily breakdowns because of school right now and honestly I won't make it through this year. The thing is, summer can maybe make you think straight and give you energies to start again, I was trying to say that. Maybe they don't change and stay depressed all summer, but they could try at least. Summer is free time, always. Letting your mind rest is good, even if you don't do a thing.;no
Great way of putting it. Life is just so exhausting. I can't leave the house without caffeine, I have no interests, I just feel like an empty battery. Hopefully one day you can find both strength and endurance.;weak
This may be a tough concept to accept, but you should be happy that other's have that something you lack. Be honest with yourself, do you see all of those relationships your friends have lasting for decades? Finding love is complex. I wouldn't say you're wasting your time doing nothing. I've seen this too many times, where people spend days after days trying to find the one. That just now how it works. Although it is true that if you don't look, you won't find in most cases. You shouldn't fear not finding love. 'Cause that's just not how it works. I wouldn't say love finds you either, that's also not how it works. I wouldn't ponder too much about not finding the one or love. Time will tell, it will come. During that time, try to be alright with yourself by being just yourself. You want to be with someone because you want to be with them, not because you fear being lonely. Give it time. Talk to your friends. Enjoy yourself.;weak
The only part of your life you get to experience is the present, and you gotta set aside some of that experience for the future. The past will always be happier or sadder because you have to recreate it every time and it gets a bit more distorted every time.;no
Chemical imbalance in your brain, its alright , happened a lot of time for a lot of people;weak
I hope you can learn to stop. I promise you there is someone out there that cares about you very much and would be heartbroken to see you go. I know it's hard, but I've been there too. The most amazing person just came into my life and having her around makes everything easier. I hope you have someone like that too.;weak
I am sorry. I don't know what to say.;strong
That is the question we all ask ourselves. But if you feel that you hit rock bottom, it can only go up from there.;weak
Over thinking and running away from myself.Or everything because I don't know what would be better for me.;no
Not worth it. Consider yourself lucky to have a body and a mind of the most intelligent species known to man. It's hard to appreciate it when you're going through the motions, but as a squirming puddle of entrails, I think you might have some regrets about throwing it away.;no
I felt the same way at 16 23 now and things are alright. I got through college with a decent degree and got an ok job and my own place and a few good friends. You can get more freedom with time. I promise not special, not super smart or anything just always tried to get through this depression bullshit. So please sell yourself short. Medication can also help a lot if chemically unstable.;no
For what worth it probably mean much coming from a complete stranger but glad it failed, or the world would have just lost 1 more good person and we are low on them as is You can pm me anytime if you wanna talk;strong
Keep positive man, the best thing you can do is focus on yourself and your endeavors. Never quit, never give up. You got this man.;weak
I know exactly how you feel. just one day of many though. Take it one hour, one minute at a time. Think about some self care you can do for yourself once you get home. having one of those days too but try not to let the depression get too deep. Fight it. Plan for a nice bath at home, or make/pick up your favorite meal on your way home. You are a wonderful human being and you deserve happiness. Just get through today. Tomorrow will be another opportunity for something better. Feel free to PM me if you want someone to vent to to pass the time.;weak
Sounds like apathy to me. I'm guessing you feel kind of lost and without a direction and you just are following the path that you feel is required of you. While apathy is one symptom of depression, it doesn't necessarily mean that you have depression. By no means am I downplaying depression or trying to convince you that nothing is wrong because there isn't any on true definition of depression. I felt like you for a while, just a few small pleasures but nothing really else. For me, it went away after a few months. If you want to talk about it more or anything, feel free to ask anything. My only advice is don't give up now, because if it goes away, you'll regret a lot of things that you stopped caring about.;weak
I'm sorry that haopened. I've never had a breakup because I always get rejected. I've had similar things so I can at least get an idea of how that must feel. But I believe you can find another girl you live.;strong
Trust me I am done with it too and you dont suffer alone bro so find comfort in that;weak
I'm so sorry you feel that way. Would you like to elaborate? I'm here if you need to chat;strong
Yes, several years ago I was on Abilify and.. Cymbalta I think? The whole call your doctor if you experience worsening thoughts of depression and suicide thing became a reality.;no
School is probably about the most stressful thing in my life right now. I can't put myself to actually work hard at school because I just can't get myself to care enough. My family expects so much out of me and I constantly let them down.;no
"It happens to me quite often. Sometimes I'm just having just another 'regular day' in which I'm busy doing work and stuff. Suddenly I realize that I'm feeling fine or even happy, and that's when all the 'bad thoughts' and 'reasons to be worried or sad' storm in. I really don't know how to deal with them. I wish I could find a way. I know I've lived through some stuff that still weighs on me and I know that time helps to ease the pain, but it's really difficult to keep it together sometimes; and being unable to enjoy the little things of each day makes it frustrating in some way. I hope that you'll find a way around it!";weak
Good luck! Don't you have any friends in school by the way?;weak
Sorry you are feeling that way but How do you know it was a lie? In My experience most people don't compliment unless they meant it. Excluding family or friends who may just be telling u what they think u wanna hear of course. Who complimented you and in what context?;strong
This is also me, seemingly every goddamn fucking day, too. We may never know how we ended up this way, but hopefully we can figure out how to come out the other end of it. I wish nothing but strength to you to keep on carrying on. This sub right here shows you're not alone in this struggle.;weak
I felt this EXACT way when I first went as well. I felt like it was a grilling of my life, and I even tried to lie and say that I'm mostly 100% happy with my life and that I just wish I had more friends and cleaned the house more. YEAH RIGHT. I'm a mess a lot of the time and have so many problems I dont know where to begin. Eventually once I started to know my therapist and dive into the smaller issues, did she really start to open up and I opened up myself as well. Keep going. The first day is the hardest I think;no
I'd rather be down forever than be in a roller coaster of emotion. I know that once I am happy, I will be sad again. The fall is just too painful. I'd rather embrace this sadness forever.;no
That has to be tough. It's different strokes for different folks of course but I might have a suggestion. I find my depression tends to be racing negative thoughts. My understanding is that there are two default brain modes, one is random thought, day dreaming for example, and the other is processing. So you need to switch from day dreaming to processing, and that is hard for everyone. Start with meditation. Close your eyes for 5min and focus on your breathing. If your thoughts drift from breathing, then shut it down n snap back to breathing. Don't get emotional, just stay calm and focus on breathing. When finished, move everything that is a distraction away from you. No phone, no internet if possible, just clear that shit away and start studying as if it is your breathing. This focus is just like a muscle and the more you flex the stronger it will become. Don't expect to focus for hours on end, but try to catch yourself when you drift and get back to that focus. Also make studying fun, or less boring. Take notes, highlight pages, repeat the things you read. Most importantly, try telling a story with what you are learning. It's a strong method for memorization. People with ordinary memories use stories and codes to memorize full decks of cards in minutes. Good luck!;no
You say you'll never be able to move out . . . sure you will! would you be moving to a new city or some where farther away? obviously, to move out, you will need a good paying job and money for an apt (by your self or with roommates.) tell your family that you are moving out on X date, if you are over 18, they can't really do anything about it. tell the police that you are moving away and your family is triggering your depression. they might try to file a missing person report if they notice that you go missing out of no where. suicide, I don't think, is ever the answer.;no
god damn i honestly feel the exact same as you in every aspect. sometimes i also just sit back and think about how none of this feels real, then the suicidal thoughts come on because i feel like there has to be more, then more sad, more depersonalized, and its just a vicious cycle. nothing matters, but we should at least live to the fullest, because in relative terms it matters. no idea how to do that though;weak
If you quit now, you rob yourself of any chance for life to ever get better.;no
Check in with us! I hope we shed some light for you in there. Hugs.;strong
Drama queen negative all the above;no
Sorry to hear that. Are you struggling with anything specific or life in general?;strong
Define obsessed what do you think about?;no
I'm really sorry you're feeling this way. A person can be cared for by dozens and still feel alone, depression is a monster. I hope you're able to make progress against it in your own way, or by talking to people you trust, living the life you want to live, or by obtaining professional help. Please send me a message if you would like to talk to someone privately.;strong
Well you've had a few. I doubt any of us gets a bulls eye on the first shot. Some of us never even had a chance. Give it time.;weak
This hit me. I hope that I stay with my so and be able to say this to them everyday;weak
I've been asked this since I was a kid. I've always given pretty much the same response whats there to smile about? Surprised I didn't get put in therapy as a kid for saying that shit lol. What I meant by it tho was why would I be smiling at this very moment nothing good just happened;no
You are loved and you can get through this.;weak
People never notice, I've gotten really good at hiding it and compensating by being an asshole. Truth is the vast majority of people either don't care or don't even pick up on it in the first place. Well off to bed gotta put on the mask and go to work in the morning.;no
Sorry to hear that, feel free to PM if you want to.;strong
I think it's more like...suicide IS selfish, but so is asking someone to not commit suicide. So the argument is just kind of invalid because it's merely a question of who gets to be selfish.;no
Trying to do something but its never what you want it to be like. Distractions work but not for ever, i dont know how long my next one will last. Binge watching netflix is a great one for me, you dont have to think about anything and just get completely emerged in it but even that wont last for long now;no
See if you can build on it. Maybe go out and do something you've never tried. I know i'm not the one to talk because I don't go anywhere haha. But since you feel good, it might be worth trying something new and building on it?;no
I'll be honest, I feel kinda sorry for you. You have completely nobody? Perhaps you had some people, but due to some things those relationships didn't work out?;strong
Wait, does this mean you're seeing someone already? I can see the concern, but if you're already suffering then not doing anything at all for you isn't really better. You can always look for a second opinion. I'm getting help, but before I was (and while I was trying to find the right combo of things), I'd have both depression and anhedonia at the same time pretty frequently. Like, 4-5 days out of a week. It sucked hard. Right now my anxiety is the bigger problem most of the time, but anhedonia still strikes and lasts like maybe a day to almost a week. Sometimes I make myself go do something outside of the house to distract myself, even if it's not actually enjoyable. This combo sucks, and I hope you find a way to lessen or even break the pattern.;weak
"&gt;Do you get depressed without a job? Yeah.I feel useless and like a burden for my family.What good I am for if I can't keep a simple job in a chocolate factory? &gt;What do you do during a day if not at work? Read self improvement articles,watch porn and masturbate,and clean my house. My advice for you you find yourself jobless is: # Do not waste your time. Do not lock yourself in your room and watch porn&amp;masturbate all long.Find something useful to do with your free time.Recharge your batteries.Start working out,you don't need to go to gym,just take a run in the morning and one in the evening.Build your emotional resilience.I do this by reading about it first (I am in the process of finding out what it means and then I have to apply it).A good start is r/Stoicism.Make yourself useful - clean your house and take care of your pets. After that start looking for another job and do not despair.";weak
It is unfair. Modern psychology/psychiatry is completely incapable of helping those who are in severe pain with lifelong battles with mental illness. It often feels like we are just vehicles of pain who live so that others don't suffer from grief should we commit suicide. As we develop a greater sensitivity to the cost of mental illness, policies and social norms will change: Some countries now allow for euthanasia for those with chronic and unbearable mental illness. But what's strange about all of this is, even though I'm certain I have the right to kill myself because I'm miserable everyday, I am pulling for you to live, even though you're a stranger on the internet. I have hope for you and I don't even know you. I want you to wait it out, to battle it out, not because you owe me or anyone else, but because I think there might be something better for you in a day or a week or a decade from now. What have you tried so far to get some relief? Has anything worked? What can you do that brings you moments of enjoyment?;weak
Ah I'm sorry :( Panic attack are awful but you certainly shouldn't feel embarrassed!;strong
I wish this wasn't quite as true but the truth just hurts.;no
There's no better person to tell someone something than a nurturing mother. They typically love you unconditionally. Friends and significant others get a scent of the depression on you and they distance themselves as it becomes a deeper problem as opposed to helping. If your mother loves you, she will understand.. And it's not like you are admitting you have gay sex or addictions to banging drugs up your arm or killed someone... This is (not to be insensitive) remotely benign to say to your family.. They might be able to recommend something that helps..;weak
"Sorry to hear that. Obviously a very painful experience. Of course you're not crazy for feeling like that makes you wonder about your value as a person, but to get through this life you'll really want to get to the place where you understand other people's behaviors are a reflection of them and not of you. I'm not trying to suggest some stupid mind-trick here, of course when someone chooses another person over you, you are going to have thoughts of worthlessness and insecurity. But even if someone you are with realizes they'd rather be with someone else, it doesn't require them to cheat on you, they could just be an adult and end a relationship before doing something behind someone's back. Human love is fickle. There's no way to ever say that anyone who decides to spend time with you owes it to you to honor that choice forever, but it certainly doesn't mean they have to cheat and lie. This advice has stuck with me ever since I heard it on a podcast; don't ever expect other human beings to be rational, or to assume they are playing by the same set of rules and understandings as you are. They lived so much of their lives before you were ever it in, you have no idea if this behavior could be a reflection of something somebody else did to them in their past or whatever. You can't blame yourself for other people. Otherwise a total stranger could walk up to you on the street and punch you, and you'll spend the next week wondering what you did wrong instead of identifying that person as a violent crazy person. Regardless, it isn't exactly the most logical part of your mind that is going to feel rotten about this for a while, so no amount of information is going to make it feel better right away. But try to love yourself, and work on coming around to that understanding that other people's choices do not say anything about you, only about them. This action means that they are a cheater, not that you are worthless.";strong
I've read that the minimum lethal dose of hydroxyzine is 1650 mg, but that is impossible to calculate correctly because of body weight, differences in absorption, etc. With Luvox, full recovery with minimal effects has been noted at overdoses of up to 9 grams. You might be successful, especially if you are small and don't weigh much, but there is a not insignificant chance you might end up alive and brain damaged instead. I know I'm a stranger, but I am sorry about whatever has brought you to this point. Do consider trying to get help - even if you have before, think about it one last time.;strong
There is also another factor that you sometimes dont notice, how you are perceived by others by body language. Im a really shy introverted person, but i had multiple people telling me that i came over as real angry threatening dude with a frown on my face and i never noticed this in my entire life. So, you need to be confident in yourself, showing through body language that you are a good guy to hang out with, i simply cant say how to do it, but thats one way to explain this.;no
I'm in the same boat, if I do get drunk it's not the fun kind it's more like all those depressing thoughts start boiling over. I don't drink liquor anymore for that reason, now I stick to a few beers every night and that's usually enough to help me relax.;no
Hi friend! :) I'm really sorry you're in such pain :( sometimes the people we have around us can't see the pain we're in because they don't want to (they may see it, not know how to help us, and are afraid to because it may cause them pain). This may seem like useless advice, but it can greatly help if you tell the other people exactly how you're feeling and ask them to try and help you. Nobody will ever be inside your head and able to experience exactly what you are feeling, but by talking to them and letting them know, you can help them to understand you. Sometimes we have to do the hardest part of reaching out ourselves. I had to tell my best friend I was feeling suicidal, but by telling her she helped me turn my life around. She just didn't realise. It's never easy to do, but I can promise you that you are so much stronger than you know, and there are always people willing to listen and to try to understand what you're going through. Lastly, I hope you don't die. Not until you've been able to live the life that you want, the life that you deserve to have. I'm sending you love and luck.;strong
Heya buddy, i can relate, After 18 years of struggling I finally found out I have dyslexia, fine motor control issues and short term memory loss. It was like I had been designed to be the perfect malfunction so I cant do academics. I am different but I'd rather be dead then looked down upon by some other idiot who can do things I can't. I can do something better then they can, know how to go through hard times and keep pushing. When life gets hard for them they will break, and I won't be there to help them. Don't worry about other people, they will become dust while you will become a diamond. My question to you is, how are you going to move forward?;weak
thats a great question, wish there was an answer;no
changing medication and literally have to go cold turkey. These withdrawals are not fun;no
I'm sorry. This is true for me as well. And they regularly remind me. I think we can get through it though. Actually, that's a lie. I hope you can get through it. I'm not going to be able too.....;strong
I'm so sorry to hear about your situation--that's a really difficult thing to have to endure, especially with your family's lack of understanding. I don't think you should give up the possibility of finding relief for your pain--even if there is not a reliable treatment now, pain relief is a major area of medical science research. (Is medical marijuana legal where you live, or if not is it a possibility to move to where it is?) You might find support and recommendations at r/sciatica Hang in there. I would strongly recommend trying to talk to a therapist if that's an option. Otherwise, it seems to me the other most important thing you can do is to try to find work or an activity, paid or unpaid, that is meaningful to you (if movement is an issue, look up online opportunities) which will help you get your mind off of your pain.;strong
Sorry to hear that man. What are you studying? Do you feel like the material you are studying is hard, or is the volume of the work too much?;strong
Maybe it would exhaust them more over time. But the thing is that if you were to kill your self they would feel unimaginable pain and guilt. They may learn to cope with the pain but they will find ways to blame it on themselves. They will think it because they did or do something and it will haunt them for life. Talk with your family, work through it together, accept their love and try to understand why they say and do certain things from their point of view so you can understand their love for you. It will most likely be tough at first but it will make things easier.;weak
Been there... but can I give a really cool trick that might truly help? When looking for a job, try to find a new store/restaurant/place opening up. No matter what it is... It was my trick back into the work force because when a place is just opening, everyone is new and everyone is learning so all in it together, instead of walking into an established place where people already know what doing and have friends etc... anyway, what worked for me in the end. Either way, keep trying. Taking it one step at a time.. fill out applications and if you get phone calls set up interviews. If you get too anxious and go then go, but maybe one day have that little extra burst of energy and go. And if you start working and like it, ok, you can look elsewhere. So just keep pushing along.;weak
Think of someone that you look up to (Actor, musician, famous person) and act like them.;no
Life is not what happens to you - it's how you react to it. If you feel sorry for yourself, and most depressed people do, it's because they decide that there is a payoff in doing it. It's showing sympathy for a person, and you're the person, because you aren't getting it from anyone else. It all comes down to what comes after that. You can give up and never try again, or you can take that feeling and extend it into the future: - Imagine feeling this way, and doing nothing about it, for a year. 5 years. 10 years. What has your life become? - Now imagine what your life would be like if you forced yourself to get of bed, brush your teeth, went to the store or coffee shop, talked to someone, helped someone, every day. Now imagine doing that for a year. 5 years. 10 years. NOW what is your life like?;no
Its just another day, but another day of triumph because you're still here. It may seem insignifigant, but you are fighting a very difficult war, and today you won the battle. Stay strong OP. Much love.;weak
I'm sorry to hear that. If you are able to you could channel that sadness into a drawing or poem or something like that. It might help a little.;strong
Every day my friend...every day;no
Are you telling people you want a relationship? Or you want sex? As people find it hard to confuse the two.;no
I know how you feel, especially now that almost every day I get more and more bad news and more crap is piling on top of the old ones. It gets harder seeing other people having fun together when I am alone. It gets harder seeing my friend online, but doesn't want to talk to me.;weak
I know the feeling. It hurts to think of our missed opportunities and how we failed to express ourselves.. It hurts like hell to have to go through this over and over without changing.;weak
sorry feeling so stressed right now, OP. Do you want to talk more about your making you so stressed?;strong
Maybe they're just jealous that he's spending more time with you than them. Regardless, it's not nice for them to make to be making lies about you. Does your boyfriend know that they are?;no
I get it. At some point a few years ago I stopped being able to feel joy. Even when I'm feeling stable, I still don't feel *happy*. When I've described this to my therapist and psychiatrist, they challenge me on it -- you talk about good things, don't you feel happy when those happen? -- but I know the difference. It is very much like an old, lost friend. I actually might use that metaphor in therapy this week.;weak
I'm so sorry, I understand your loss. My grandma just passed away on 05/26. It's hard to accept that we will never spend time with them again and that everything we have now is just our memories. I know it seems cliche, but it really does get better with time.;strong
I am sorry feeling this way, I have been where you are and I know how much it sucks. Please give up!;strong
Check in with us! I hope we shed some light for you in there. Hugs.;strong
I mean you had the balls to ask her out in the first place , you got further than a lot of other people with their crushes because they are too scared to ask them. Just because she said no mean the end of the world bro, even though it might seem like that. Keep your head up;weak
If you were here I would hug you right now.;strong
I know that feels, it probably will disappear one day. Just give it some time.;weak
It's true we live in a society where crying in public or hugging strangers are frowned upon. We've gone very far into the illusions of separation and it's going to take some time to break through these, but it's going to happen I have no doubt anymore! I'm sending you love and hugs through the wire even if it's only designed for 0 and 1, feel it!;strong
sorry feeling so stressed right now, OP. Do you want to talk more about your making you so stressed?;strong
"I would love to hug you irl ;_; *hugs*";weak
Woah... that's accurate. The posts in this sub today really reflect me. This is very truthful, I just live with it;strong
I'm sorry that you're also in this position. I'm honestly just waiting for my parents to die so I can kill myself.;strong
I'm sorry, my friend. I lost my mum too, two years ago. I feel your pain but it'll get better for you, I promise.;strong
I thought it was always sunny there.;no
I'm really sorry for this. I'm going through something similar and I have pretty much given up all hope that I am the same as my peers. I am definitely not. I feel as if everyday is a struggle for self acceptance even by myself. Everyday is a day where I am buffeted by my own worthlessness. I try my best, I do. I try my very best to get through. Every day is a drag, but at least its a drag and not a standstill. After a while I forget people exist, really. It's just me and my depression. I don't need any more love from my peers after some time.;strong
Maybe she just didn't know how to react to it... or just in shock. i think you should see a therapist because it seems that you're a danger to yourself or you could talk to a close friend about your suicidal thoughts. There's more to life than people's validation about you, trust me. It really gets better overtime. Bad thoughts will come and it will pass, you need to find support of others to overcome it.;weak
Hi there, I care! I wanna listen to your story and we can become pen pals! PM me anytime you want;weak
Just a small bit of advice: self injury can restrict your life even more, you won't be able to grasp success nor a blade. Simply stay strong, however hard it may be.;weak
I'm sorry. You have no one to talk to?;strong
start with something smaller, like a hermit crab;no
Wow great fucking advice. I no longer have to be sad or anything. You know cured. going to go dance on rainbows!;strong
more i live more its harder to think so;no
I can tell you this much: If you can tell whether or not the medication is making a positive difference, then I'd say that it's worth enduring the negative side effects. As a side note, I feel like I've heard of/known people who eventually weened themselves off of their meds and ended up not needing them, but it's probably different from person to person. I have no idea what the future holds for you, and there's probably no definitive way to predict how things will end up for you and your medication, so good luck.;weak
Sometimes, I feel like this is okay though. The not being okay. I think there's this expectation we all have just because everyone else and everything around us shows this picture perfect life that is normal. Also, I get to the opinion sometimes that when none of it matters, it's actually the most liberating, because then I am truly free of my worldly concerns. I don't know. Silver lining and framing and all that jazz. Best of luck, friend.;weak
Sorry to hear you have been going through a rough time. Emotions can be hard to control and anger can be an easy out. It lets you feel powerful, in control of things. In therapy they teach you to sit-down often and sort through your emotions. What emotion are you experiencing right now? How do you identify it? What caused you to feel like this? What steps can you make to prevent this feeling? Try to walk yourself through some of these exercises. They might help you better understand your emotions so that you can control them in the future.;strong
I'm sorry for your pain. Wanna talk?;strong
Yeah. I think it's considered an emergency only if you are posing an immediate threat of suicide. You must be feeling as much pain as I have felt and so I feel bad for you and hope you find a way to feel better soon. Paul;weak
**hugs if you want them**;strong
I feel the same and i think its because i have nobody to talk to, nobody to be vulnerable to and let them know how i feel inside. Why dont you try to talk to your girlfriend, i bet if she'd new she'd try to help. Open up to her! Hope it goes well :);weak
You do whatever you need to do.;no
"I feel like it's a paradox. People would call you or I selfish, but who are they to assign life or the absence thereof. Many people can't relate to such feelings of loneliness and unworth. But for those who can, being called selfish for suicidal thoughts, makes it all the more confusing of a situation. It also shows you who really cares, cause calling you selfish is just choosing the victim route, for themselves, which is fucked. While some may call it manipulation. Whatever the name, it's hardly sympathetic, and isnt even close to empathetic. Which, empathy, is what this world is lacking. A partnership society would support each other regardless of their stance or tradition. But, we live in a male dominated, monotheistic world. People suck. The only thing we can do is help them. So that's why I think suicide is hard; you're not helping anyone.";no
glad you found something to help even if just a little;weak
Do something to take care of yourself please. Just something. One thing.;no
I kind of agree with you but doing all that requires an actual effort and energy. Sometimes I'm just happy to get through the day. It's a vicious cycle of being unhappy with yourself and having zero motivation to change something.;weak
*hugs* Try and take care of yourself. I know it seems hopeless and like your trapped but don't let this fucker get the best of you;strong
Man she don't know what she's saying then! I had/still kinda have it. There are different levels so I don't know where about's you are but it only gets better if you let it. Try going into a senses deprivation tank if you have one in your town. Trust me. Meditate. Look at yourself and why you think this is. You'll figure it out :);weak
I feel you. I'm only happy and at ease when I'm drunk. I'm sure I'd drink a lot more if I had more disposable income.;weak
"I can only recommend fiction (apologies; not much of a self-help/non-fiction kind of guy) but The Perks of Being a Wallflower (the film; never read the book myself) deals with depression among other things and is very powerful. Much of Sylvia Plath's poetry centres around mental health and depression, if that's of interest, and while it's not something I've read 'The Bell Jar' (which is prose) is also supposed to be very good, according to a former acquaintance of mine. And I recently finished watching an anime called Orange which was mostly very good at dealing with the issue, the one caveat being that characters tend to talk about 'saving' people quite a lot, which can be a little bit galling (lol). Music-wise, Brand New have done a number of songs which either deal with depression (or emotions that can be closely linked to depression) or are pretty evocative in that sense tonally-speaking. Can't think of anything else right off the top of my head but hopefully that's a fair amount of stuff, in the short-term at least";no
Main focus should be on yourself and your own personal interests. Be solid on a self-development mindset. Be more self-aware of yourself and your goals.;no
I feel you. Have you thought about speaking to a therapist or call a depression hotline? I'm not sure where you are living, but those calls are usually free and the people on the other end are pretty great at listening and coming up with helpful strategies. Hang in there.;weak
I'm sorry you're feeling unwell. I can't sleep either. I've been having a couple nights of unrest. I hope you're having better luck than I am. Also, stay strong. I know it's hard and it's a long journey but the fact that you want to stop is a start. Sleep well.;strong
Just wait, the sex robots are coming.;no
If a puppy isnt a positive thought I do not wish to live in your world.;no
It is. It's very tough to keep going. I can't tell you how to make it stop, I wish I could. I just try to focus on the next very small thing I can do. I'm sorry dude. You aren't alone, I promise.;strong
I'm so sorry you feel that pain. I know that pain all too well. That's amazing that you went so long without it! I can hardly manage three months, and I've been doing it for years. It's hard not to do it when you have no one to talk to. You are fine. People slip up here and there.;strong
I'm unsure of your situation but, I want to tell you that there is such a thing called the negativity bias. It might just be not seeing the success that is occurring, trust me it sucks as I am trying to get over it myself. maybe taking a moment and thinking about a small victory and how you can expand on that victory might help. But no matter what I want you to succeed.;weak
Just do your best man. going through dark times (probably the worst of my entire life), just keep trucking on.;weak
**hugs if you want them**;strong
I'm sorry man. I wish I could take the pain away.;strong
Happy to listen if you care to type, pm me any time, also I care about you.;weak
tried it personally. One friend told me whenever he does shrooms he depressed for at least a month afterwards. But bad trips are also a risk.;no
It did nothing for me me though l was misdiagnosed - l'm actually bipolar. I was on it for around two years in total. I remember that it had very few side effects.;no
Haven't tried it but know a medical professional that says it really works for many patients. Not covered by insurance though.;no
I feel ya, don't worry about it, everything will be fine;weak
Your mom sounds verbally abusive. I'm sorry you feel like this. I hope things get better for you soon.;strong
Sending love and support, friend!;weak
21 now, gonna give myself until 25. Seen enough of nothingness by then i reckon.;no
Because sometimes it just takes time. Serotonin and dopamine take their time to adjust. Also, though the gym is great, it will deplete you so you might be suffering from that. Get a lot of protein, magnesium and zinc and repeat tomorrow. And congrats! You did great today.;strong
well maybe there's something that made u feel better for a while, so u felt like you're getting better. Find that shit, don't let your progress go for nothing. I'm rooting for u buddy;no
Wait, you got fired due your depression? Where are you from? Isn't depression classified as a medical condition like any other? Aren't you protected by law against such action? Sorry to read about your situation. And sorry for all the questions. Guilty of being a lawyer :/;strong
Dead but what does fully grown up mean? I have my own house and a job etc. Am I fully grown up now?;no
Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! (is doing *weird* things with my formatting.)  It's your birthday. You can be any way you want. You can want people to make a big deal even if you are depressed and want to not let them at the same time. You day, your rules. Happy happy 19:);strong
You are not alone in any of that and my heart goes out to you and I think its important to seek professional help for these types of feelings, im sorry i couldn't help more and hope you get better;strong
Think of it as we made it through another year instead. It makes it feel more like an accomplishment.;no
I read it. Oh my God me too. I'm so pessimistic I always shoot down my own happiness just by having my brain think. And whenever I am positive I want to vomit. SIGH frickin life;strong
That last sentence really got me;no
"happened to me last night. to make it even worse it was with my celeb crush mary elizabeth winstead. we had a blast, loved each other &amp; laughed the entire time doing dumb shit I can't remember. I woke up &amp; was more depressed than usual.";no
god damn i honestly feel the exact same as you in every aspect. sometimes i also just sit back and think about how none of this feels real, then the suicidal thoughts come on because i feel like there has to be more, then more sad, more depersonalized, and its just a vicious cycle. nothing matters, but we should at least live to the fullest, because in relative terms it matters. no idea how to do that though;weak
I'm sorry that you're also in this position. I'm honestly just waiting for my parents to die so I can kill myself.;strong
Don't do it. Whatever there is ailing you, you know it's hard but you can overcome it. You're a human being. You sent people to space and conquered the animal kingdom. You can conquer depression.;weak
Have you tried telling them to get help, therapist, medication, or hospital. You could always call the suicide hotline. I called them when my friend was about to kill herself and it was very helpful.;no
I hope it turns out better than expected ^^;weak
Are you okay? Yeah, I'm fine. Honestly? Never better.;no
Maybe because you crave for very meaningful relationships? Because I do.;no
I am sorry feeling this way, I have been where you are and I know how much it sucks. Please give up!;strong
I'm very proud of you too! Remember the great feeling of success you have right now it will help you next time you have the urge.;strong
I'm sorry your situation at home is so difficult. Do you have anyone in your life whom you trust enough to talk to about how you're feeling?;strong
If you think you have it, you probably do. If you see a therapist they'll give you pretty much the same questionnaire that you can find online. I recommend seeing a therapist soon. The diagnosis isn't really important, if your mental health is affecting your ability to live a normal, happy life, then you need to see someone. Good luck.;no
I'm glad it worked for you. I've been going for a few weeks and so far it hasnt helped, so good that it helps some people;strong
Yeah bud, same boat. If I'm not working, I'm in bed. Just zoning out not moving. The struggle is real with no real answers;strong
Definitely a daily struggle, but it seems like every day there's less and less reason to drag on.;weak
Yeah, I resonate with a lot of what you're saying. It's only on a place like here or a depression support group that you would find others that feel this way. Let me ask you this: what do you find joy or distraction in? Tell me everything you have tried.;weak
I love you all. Genuinely the replies here made me feel much less alone. your kindness is beautiful;strong
Take small steps. Indulge in little things that make you happy (or at least used to make you happy!), such as food, or some nice tea. When you consume those, try to focus on the taste, on the pleasant feelings. It's just one example, it can be something else. A walk around the neighborhood maybe. A nice bath. Etc. Generally speaking, be kind to yourself.;no
I think porn and affection are different really. You wouldn't love a friend just to fuck them, you love someone emotionally. Do you have a tinge of 'why the fuck did I do that' after watching porn? I used to see a lot of shit. It takes time to quit this drug that controls your actions. I hope you find someone, I haven't, but I just try and remember friends, cute girls, whom I'd never imagine in that situation. Buy a scarf and choke yourself until it hurts if you want to think straight.;weak
I feel you. I'm only happy and at ease when I'm drunk. I'm sure I'd drink a lot more if I had more disposable income.;weak
I bought my self kfc, no one is doing anything, or i should say i was invited to nothing. Im sorry to hear that im sure she loves you or why else would you still be living with her. if you just went over to visit im unsure why youd put your self threw that.;strong
I'm sorry. I've been in and out of a relationship for years now. She's loving and considerate and great in so many ways.. but there's no commitment. Actually the space between us has grown over the years. I guess part of it is that I'm a bit of a basket case and it can be emotionally taxing. I don't even want to put her through all of that for the rest of her life. But at the end of the day I just want to go home and share my life with her.. and she's not there. She's done so much for me but it makes me feel so unwanted that this is the end of the line. Like I'm just a burden and despite all the love she has to offer, I'm just too screwed up for it to work. I feel so lonely and so stupid for everything I've done to turn her away.;strong
I'm sorry that haopened. I've never had a breakup because I always get rejected. I've had similar things so I can at least get an idea of how that must feel. But I believe you can find another girl you live.;strong
Heya buddy, i can relate, After 18 years of struggling I finally found out I have dyslexia, fine motor control issues and short term memory loss. It was like I had been designed to be the perfect malfunction so I cant do academics. I am different but I'd rather be dead then looked down upon by some other idiot who can do things I can't. I can do something better then they can, know how to go through hard times and keep pushing. When life gets hard for them they will break, and I won't be there to help them. Don't worry about other people, they will become dust while you will become a diamond. My question to you is, how are you going to move forward?;weak
What would you like to do? Hugs, hope things become better for you soon! :);strong
If you did your best, then you fail. going to be ok, trust me.;weak
Good morning bro, im happy that you woke up and read this comment! I hope you have a great day today!;strong
Fuck what they say, you know in your heart that doing your best with a terrible sickness;weak
I've been taking prozac for eight years. It lessens my irritability and makes me slightly more functional without altering my personality.;no
I feel you. Have you thought about speaking to a therapist or call a depression hotline? I'm not sure where you are living, but those calls are usually free and the people on the other end are pretty great at listening and coming up with helpful strategies. Hang in there.;weak
You did the right thing. I respect that you got help to save yourself. Takes a lot of balls. You can't choose family. I've got only my mom since 11. I don't have an uncle or aunt who hang out with me. You can choose your friends and to me friends are more important. They kinda replaced my family. And it's horribly wrong when people ask you those questions I'm so mad right now fuck man That guy has 0 empathy. I know you mad af but after you calm down try to look forward and hold onto yourself. You don't need them to save you. They should be supporting you, if not then not. Don't give a shit about them. It's a beautiful world but some people have 0 empathy. I may sound cringe but empathy is something I learned with 3 or 4. I don't know what is going wrong with some people;weak
Please maybe someday soon something will go right, happen for me but maybe for you;weak
i feel the same way. i know what i need to do but i just cant and that kills me even more;no
This was two months ago. How are you now?;no
That's why I'm repeating 11th grade. It sucks.;weak
Hopefully they can help you.;weak
so sorry hurting so much. here.;strong
Oh shit man please fucking don't. Firstly death by acid is more painful than having your DNA ripped apart by radiation. Secondly, explain your life situation to me and we can talk, I'm here for you;strong
Idk why twice, but seriously, i wish you the best to get through this, even though idk what this may be Also i loved atla too, even though i watched it years after it aired;weak
And I'm also too scared.;no
I had this perception for a long time myself. But I realized eventually it's because I wasn't reaching out to them myself. I'm here, and I haven't forgotten about you. I'm here to help! :);weak
At least we don't have the horrid fear of our own mortality like non-depressives. I asked a question about aging and losing looks on another and most posted they didn't mind losing their looks but facing mortality was difficult. It really made me think, Wow, so there is an upside to depression. I look forward to dying.;no
Sorry to hear that. Hopefully it goes by quick.;strong
Sorry you are feeling that way but How do you know it was a lie? In My experience most people don't compliment unless they meant it. Excluding family or friends who may just be telling u what they think u wanna hear of course. Who complimented you and in what context?;strong
This is so true but sometimes when in the funk of depression, it just feels like those beautiful things/moments in life are so far fetched. Feels like the pain go away;no
We all are, and that's ok.;weak
I hear you brother/sister. I recently stepped down from management position so I can work by myself. It's a bit better.;weak
Great way of putting it. Life is just so exhausting. I can't leave the house without caffeine, I have no interests, I just feel like an empty battery. Hopefully one day you can find both strength and endurance.;weak
It's true in certain contexts. When you're at the lowest point of depression? Yes, it's going to get better. Depression, overall? Probably not going anywhere. Life? No promises. Could get better or worse.;no
I'm very proud of you too! Remember the great feeling of success you have right now it will help you next time you have the urge.;strong
Chill man high school isn't that bad all you have to do is just be chill and if you don't want to talk to anyone that's fine but eventually someone will want to talk to you that's just how it is :);strong
Why do you feel like that? It makes me sad to read something like that, often the good people in this world have the most troubles, but please dont give up.;weak
You are not alone in any of that and my heart goes out to you and I think its important to seek professional help for these types of feelings, im sorry i couldn't help more and hope you get better;strong
Unless surrounded by loving people, you The last thing you want is for your happiness to depend on others.;no
Yeah, maybe they are trying to make you feel good. If you have people saying you're cute, though, then that's a big deal! Even if they're doing it for other reasons, you're a lot more cute and attractive than me (based on this being a complaint rather than being flattered);weak
When I felt this way, I came to the conclusion that I didn't know who I was without these feelings. I didn't know what I liked anymore, would I be empty without this sadness? That sort of thought process, it was a lot of fear that drove me away from help. It's natural to be afraid of things changing. But when you feel ready to, these changes are for the better.;weak
What makes you say these things?;no
I always have herbal OTC sleeping supplements prepared in case that happens. Relaxing teas works too but then you are sleepy and have to go to the toilet. In many cases they work pretty well.;no
That's hard. Especially if you're the type of person to post in this sub. Loving yourself is really difficult. But loving others is easier. And I do love you. When you love others, I find, its easier to love yourself. Even just saying the words and seeing it echoed back makes me feel good. I hope I helped.;strong
You can talk to me about anything, I won't judge and I'm here to help. Could really use someone to talk to myself;weak
What help do you want;no
I bite on my tongue for that reason. No risk of hurting yourself seriously if you pay attention, just hurts;no
"Hey. I know who you are, what doing or even thinking right now, but I do hope that still here for now at least, and reading this comment. really sorry for how feeling right now, and even though been through this for the last 2 years already, I say that I understand how you feel; even though I wish that I could. But please, please know that if you still need to talk, you could message me yeah? This truly is a really shitty world; but in light of all this, there are still people who are genuinely kind, who would really want to help. Being a beacon of light for those who are still suffering and letting the light from others shine onto you; this the purpose of living? The purpose of still staying here?";strong
That's so true. On the outside I look fine. Always smiling at people and being silly. But inside I empty just going through the motions. I just dont see the point in alot of things anymore. The only thing that helps with me in a way is caring about someone else. The only thing I can feel is loving someone else. Gives me a reason to keep going in a way I guess.;no
Good morning bro, im happy that you woke up and read this comment! I hope you have a great day today!;strong
"I do. I love a man; I hate. I hate him for letting me fall madly in love with him. I hate him ..For telling me he fell madly in love with me. I hate him for lying to me constantly, for leading me on, for introducing me to his family.. &amp; friends . I hate him for plunging into me and my life , only to abandon me and the children he led in to believe be there for. I hate him for making me collateral damage, &amp; not recognizing the fact that ruined 3 lives. I hate him for lifting me up and sucking all the beauty, happiness and bright life from my soul. I hate him for making a million promises, and not keeping one of them. I hate a man that took my undying, unwavering, unconditional, priceless love .. I hate a man that failed to return to me the faithfulness, respect and admiration I so boundlessly and freely gave to him. I hate this man that reached into my soul and crushed it with his bare hands into an oblivion.. I hate him for staring into my eyes and telling me he loves me, only to leave me for a lie.. i hate him for constantly and consistently telling me we will be together after the next month. I hate him for turning me into a complete and utterly worthless piece of carnage..a wreck, a mess, a heartbroken little girl. I hate him because I stop loving him. I hate a man; I love.";no
Vidya. And riding my bike. While contemplating my life.;no
No, because I don't know what I can do to make it better. Although the motivation and concentration doesn't help.;no
That word makes me confused. I don't understand it, so many people say they feel incredibly lonely, yet here I am, with the same sickness, not even comprehending what that weird word is supposed to mean.;no
*hugs* Try and take care of yourself. I know it seems hopeless and like your trapped but don't let this fucker get the best of you;strong
I feel you. I grew a full beard between visits to my folks. Not a word.;weak
What happened? Tell us. We'll listen.;weak
Don't do it. Whatever there is ailing you, you know it's hard but you can overcome it. You're a human being. You sent people to space and conquered the animal kingdom. You can conquer depression.;weak
yeah :/ my parents make me anxious to the point where i wont get food and water because i'm afraid of running into them. glad to be moving out;no
What's up buddy ? Want to talk ?;weak
Do your parents tell you that you're a failure? My mom and dad both did that to me for a while. I'm 16. I used to be depressed over my bad grades and I had this constant anxious feeling that my life was over because of these bad grades and I would amount to nothing. Then all of a sudden one day, I noticed that bad grades in high school aren't the end of the world. It might have been because I moved out of my Dad's place and I didn't have to hear him call me a failure anymore. Either way, I became happy again. Then I met her. A nice girl who was my age. She had a pretty face, we had a ton of classes together, and she thought I was really funny. I was able to open up to her. I think (I know) I fell in love with her. She had a boyfriend though. He's a shitty person. He's high all the time and he always flirts around with other girls. I really thought she would break it off with him and find her way to my arms and I'd be the happiest guy in the world. That didn't happen. I became desperate. I began to have a drinking problem because of it. One night while very drunk I texted her a bunch of things about my depression. I don't think she cares about me anymore. Now I find myself drunk and alone for the umpteenth time wondering how I let myself get depressed again.  Basically what I wanna say to you is: your life's not over, it's just beginning. Whatever it is that makes you feel like a failure is probably a problem that is possible to overcome. Just focus on you and don't let other people get in your way and bring you down like I did. Don't let anyone else determine your happiness. Control your life. You can do it.;weak
That's hard. Especially if you're the type of person to post in this sub. Loving yourself is really difficult. But loving others is easier. And I do love you. When you love others, I find, its easier to love yourself. Even just saying the words and seeing it echoed back makes me feel good. I hope I helped.;strong
Appreciate that you have someone to love I guess I don't know the situation. Sorry you feel that way. Guys like me will never have anyone to love though so yay at least you aren't me;weak
Please do whatever stuff that makes your feel your own worth. In your case, that's a good stuff. If you're in the path towards the positives, keep on walking. Good luck.;weak
What is going on? How long have you been thinking about this? Maybe we should talk about it first and think through some stuff...;weak
They tell you to get help because they don't know what else to do. If they tell you to go on with your suicide, and you do, they don't want that guilt in their life. But if they tell you to get help and it actually works, they can feel good about having helped someone. Helping a depressed person is kind of tricky if you don't really know what depression is like. I usually just let them know that they're not alone and I know what it's like.;no
"I always think that to myself when I'm feeling suicidal. But there's always something that keeps me going and I just haven't figured it out yet. Maybe because in the end of all of this, there is a light at the end of the tunnel. Last night I had an incredibly suicidal episode; I've hurt myself in the past as well. And while I don't know how you feel personally, I can relate. When I feel the way I do, it's really hard to try and see the world around me. Your mom just doesn't understand what you're going through and you need someone that can support you. Hell, even I'll do it and I don't even know you. Sorry if I am ranting, but I do just think that you need to find the right people that can help lift you up. My mother hasn't supported me in any of my depression and anxiety issues at all and it's the loneliest feeling in the world. That's why I turned to. So if you need support, you can talk to me. I don't judge. Ever.";weak
Mate, get yourself down to hospital and have an ECG. Make enquiries about this. I had the same thing and wrote it off as anxiety, and it got worse. In my case it wasn't just anxiety. Take the condition of your heart seriously, if you're worried get it checked.;no
in there my friend. I'm here for you;weak
Sometimes. Specifically the spectator thing, it's a depersonalization/derealization thing I think;no
side effects were bad, but the withdrawal was worse than coming down from opiates. over a month later, having rebound headaches and dizziness. i would suggest never taking it!;no
I always think that other ppl have great lives when I see them at work or out wherever and I have this shitty life and I'd rather be dead. But I always pretend to be happy, it makes it easier to get through the day. I wonder how many other ppl have looked at me and thought my life must be pretty awesome....;no
Sounds like a rough ride. Would you like to quit drinking?;weak
Sorry to hear you're feeling this way Can you see a doctor or a psychiatrist? They can help you get anti depressant medication. They will also probably tell you to make an appointment with a therapist and to see a therapist regularly. Hope this helps;strong
roll with the bald look i say! i dont really think twice when i see a bald person, regardless of age :);weak
I've been on leave for 10 weeks from work.;no
a sign of emotional strength and mental strength. Keep it up. on your team. :);weak
I hear you. So well. And I'm so sorry you feel that way. I left my difficult-to-get-into art school because of this (and my classmates treated it like high school and were jerks, but thats irrelevant). It's not easy.;strong
Is it bc they have relationships and you don't? Try talking to someone from r/braincels;no
I bought my self kfc, no one is doing anything, or i should say i was invited to nothing. Im sorry to hear that im sure she loves you or why else would you still be living with her. if you just went over to visit im unsure why youd put your self threw that.;strong
in the exact same boat, my ex just left me because of my depression, and I had told her how I had attempted before but had those thoughts since which was like 4 years ago but she freaked out and constantly kept thinking I was going to do something and now I never wanna tell people about any of my depression problems again.;no
I'm really sorry for this. I'm going through something similar and I have pretty much given up all hope that I am the same as my peers. I am definitely not. I feel as if everyday is a struggle for self acceptance even by myself. Everyday is a day where I am buffeted by my own worthlessness. I try my best, I do. I try my very best to get through. Every day is a drag, but at least its a drag and not a standstill. After a while I forget people exist, really. It's just me and my depression. I don't need any more love from my peers after some time.;strong
Sorry, it's hard. I hated it.;weak
You are seen! We care about you here. Its not always a booming because everyone is so sad themselves but we look out for eachother here;weak
True, in a way that can be used as a cop-out. Life / people have continuously treated you worse than shit, and you developed depression because of it ? Must have caught a bug somewhere ! Depression is complex and the causes vary greatly.;no
If you were here I would hug you right now.;strong
I find that how you view failure is tied to your expectations quite heavily. Or also the pressure of feeling others' expectations of you on your shoulders. I still haven't worked things out that I'm able to effectively handle failure myself, but mainly people can feel better when they fail, because they recognise it as a learning experience, or it is an inevitable part of the process. Now this may sound obvious, but when in the moment, it is very easy to forget this and lose sight of progress after the failure. Failure can appear in many forms. My expectation of a 'good outcome', instead was a horrible mistake... Or was it? I'm sorry to hear you feeling even worse after your suicide attempt. Just know that I believe you are alive, and fighting, and you will come out of this stronger.;strong
The possibile outcomes of trying to fix everything that went wrong. If I can't, I'll kill myself, and if I can, (over 50% of it), then I'll live. I haven't tried yet, but I'm gonna try it soon.;no
I've been that way since a toddler. Never wanted to go outside if it was sunny--only at night or on cloudy days. Still avoid sunlight to an unhealthy degree haha. My folks joke about how pale I am :} I'm seeing now that sunlight avoidance seems to be a common thread w/ depressed folks... at least in this sub. Odd since light therapy is a proven treatment for improving mood. I get horribly depressed every Spring so I feel like my brain is wired backward.;no
really depressed right now and I feel like it helps me been drunk that past 5/6 days and as soon as I sober up I feel like I do anything . I suppose the hangovers make it worse for a few days but when drunk worth not feeling as bad as I do when not drinking, I stand being sober and dealing with my thoughts. a bad cycle but I like to drink until my life kinda brightens up a little bit that way easier to be hungover;no
"Why the heck do we hate ourselves?! Man such as crappy lie we have bought from seriously the pit of hell. Nothing else could be so evil as to make us not believe we are worthy and deserving of a good life just as much as everyone else. Sorry to get weird there, it just makes me mad that anyone has to feel this way about themselves. Anyway, I have one scar on my arm from one time that I tried that and there forever. It still makes me sad when I see it. so sorry for what pain you are in. There will be a time in your future where you will not feel so much pain and will hopefully even feel better about yourself &amp; the future you will be so thankful if you permanently scar your face.";strong
What is going on? How long have you been thinking about this? Maybe we should talk about it first and think through some stuff...;weak
Yeah. How I wish I had a good job to support my parents. How I wish I had a place on my own to focus on relationships. How I wish I was my love-interest's focus. So yeah most things don't come out as planed here either.;no
Not to sound harsh here, but do you have medical training? You shouldn't be diagnosing yourself. There are plenty of professionals who can do that for you and provide any help you may need.;no
I hope it turns out better than expected ^^;weak
Hey there you seem to be going through something, care to share?;weak
Beautiful, I wish I could help you feel better. I would even offer a bed with me but unfortunately your Irish self isn't near me. I hope you can get a new one soon. I can just picture you in a nice big 4 poster bed with curtains.;weak
i personally dont. But i can understand it. I can understand it down to my core.;weak
Yeah I have gone numb to life while sober and spend my high regretting getting high. When that happens I get even higher to drown out life;no
like standing behind a glass wall with all of your dreams ahead of you. I know how it feels.;weak
Misery loves company...I just moved to a new state a month ago. Quit my job, left my family. The only friends I have right now are my landlady and realtor. It's really fucking shitty some days. Hang there if you can.;weak
What do you feel is bringing on said troubling thoughts?;no
Chill man high school isn't that bad all you have to do is just be chill and if you don't want to talk to anyone that's fine but eventually someone will want to talk to you that's just how it is :);strong
Good luck! Don't you have any friends in school by the way?;weak
I had this perception for a long time myself. But I realized eventually it's because I wasn't reaching out to them myself. I'm here, and I haven't forgotten about you. I'm here to help! :);weak
I cant and i feel like a failure because of it. It has been extrodinarily hard for me to hold a job, and I became homeless long term because of it. I still cant function like a normal, productive citizen despite going back to work numerous times. Its even harder when the peoppe around you judge. Im 31 now and most of my peers have their own houses by now. Its so agonizing for me even though i am happy for them. Ill keep trying to get myself back though. Im sorry youre going through this OP.;strong
What makes you think you're a shitty human being? I don't know who you are and I don't know your story, so pardon me if I'm coming as rude by saying this (that is not my intention, I'm solely trying to help), but maybe some of those reasons aren't founded. For example I often worry that all the people I love will abandon me, and even though it's not really founded and I know in the back of my head that it probably won't happen, it is still one of my largest fears.;no
Yeah also feel numb often. Wanna talk about it?;weak
It won't kill you definitely. You should be fine, but it's still harmful. I would recommend visiting the hospital, especially if you feel bad. Stay safe anyway, wish you all the best.;weak
What's up buddy ? Want to talk ?;weak
Maybe you're going through an existential crisis. Have you ever thought what the meaning of your life is?;no
I feel the same. I'm sorry.;strong
Is anyone home you can talk to? Has anything happened in your life recently? If feeling really sad/hopeless and it persists or has persisted for a while now, talk to someone about it. I hope you feel better soon, I know it sucks horribly going through that.;weak
I feel you're pain OP. When it comes to texting holding a conversation is like rocket science.;weak
Well I sincerely hope you have a good time;weak
Hi friend! :) I'm really sorry you're in such pain :( sometimes the people we have around us can't see the pain we're in because they don't want to (they may see it, not know how to help us, and are afraid to because it may cause them pain). This may seem like useless advice, but it can greatly help if you tell the other people exactly how you're feeling and ask them to try and help you. Nobody will ever be inside your head and able to experience exactly what you are feeling, but by talking to them and letting them know, you can help them to understand you. Sometimes we have to do the hardest part of reaching out ourselves. I had to tell my best friend I was feeling suicidal, but by telling her she helped me turn my life around. She just didn't realise. It's never easy to do, but I can promise you that you are so much stronger than you know, and there are always people willing to listen and to try to understand what you're going through. Lastly, I hope you don't die. Not until you've been able to live the life that you want, the life that you deserve to have. I'm sending you love and luck.;strong
Currently? No. But 12 days ago I drank until I blacked out just trying to forget my feelings and forget everything until morning. My subconscious, drunk brain had other plans. I tried to hang myself from a bridge but luckily was too drunk to execute it. I ended up with broken bones in both my feet, a required 5 day stay in a hospital behavior and addiction unit, and no memory of what I had done or even ever feeling suicidal. 12 days sober and have accepted that I have a binge drinking problem. You can only drown your sorrows for so long before they explode outward - one way or another. I am happy to help any way I can.;weak
Well I can say that I think it's really good that it gets better throughout the day. For me it's the opposite, my mornings are bleh. As the day goes on into the night I feel better, and before bed time I feel depressed. I think everyone is just different and maybe getting your day started gets rid of some mental worries and anticipation;weak
How will you fuck people over?;no
i know this feeling it sucks so hard, you should try meditating like breath 5 seconds in and 5 seconds out for a long time and you will feel a bit better;weak
I want to give it all.;no
Depends what you mean by get caught. Someone would have to report it to police to move you anywhere or if you're under 18 parents can take you to a hospital. Basic detainment is 72 hours (3 days) To ensure you're not a harm to yourself or others. During that time they examine you and see your mental state. If at the end you're not showing signs of danger you are released but given options to stay for further treatment. If you are still a danger you stay and get more treatment. Now say you made an attempt and go to the ER for something, they can't always just detain you. I've been to the ER for atempt of suicide by oversosing on medication. Longest I was there was a few hours. Due to my mental state being stable they had no legal way to hold me loner than I wanted to be there. I got the drugs out of my system then was discharged and went home. There is a ton, a shit ton of misinformation and propaganda around mental illness. Be informed, do real research. isn't google. You are smart enough to do real research don't just ask strangers online for all the answers. Also get help.;no
I want to repeat other comments, but do it. There is nothing afterwards, this is your one chance and you have to make it count. Life is like a train ride, there are turns, twists, hills, curves, but sometimes there are tunnels. And when your in the tunnel for a while you look back and forward but see nothing but darkness, it feels like it is all that is has been and will be. But tunnels always have an end. This train ride of life will get you where you want to go, as long as you get off early.;weak
Start with finding a job/career that sounds interesting and look into it.;no
Posting this, you are looking for a friwnd? Well I have not much to offer you but a chat. You want to be my friend?;weak
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
I have been at a similar point to you where I had suicidal ideations on a daily basis and to be honest, even when aspects in my life have improved, I still struggle with it frequently. I have done many things in life I regret and feel like I've fucked up a lot of situations, relationships and opportunities in both my personal and professional life. It took me a long time to understand that I can't go back in time and fix anything. It is fucking terrifying to feel like you've messed your life up but please trust me when I say that it's ok to fuck up. You are human. We all are. I have found that being alone with my thoughts was a big factor in triggering urges to harm myself or get stuck in my thought loops about how useless or worthless I am. If you have someone you trust to talk to, please dont be afraid to rant or reach out to them. My inbox is always open too if you need a stranger to listen. You're not alone in this.;weak
I'm glad it worked for you. I've been going for a few weeks and so far it hasnt helped, so good that it helps some people;strong
if you would like to talk feel free to send me a PM hun;weak
Very sorry to hear it. She came back the first time?;strong
Hopefully he's a nice guy and doesn't punch you;weak
Being alone is terrible. I'm sorry you're alone. If I hear an implicit request for a suggestion in there, then I suggest doing just about anything different. Anything, really. Break your horrible, lonely routine. The only thing worse than lonely sadness is the certainty that it will not change. What can you do differently tomorrow?;strong
You won't find the answer you're looking for here. Use google.;no
Have you tried doing the things you like anyway? Maybe the happiness comes back after some time.;no
Because there'll be better days. I know you what you think. That it's bs but it's true. I've fallen so hard yet sooner or later there's that one thing happening and then it gets better. If you off yourself now think about all the things you couldn't expirience? Your first kiss, playing with your child, true love, a beautiful landscape that you maybe planned on visiting, the smell of rain, the taste of your favorite food, that awesome feeling of completing a task and it goes on and on. I know how you feel. I didnt believe it either but it's true. It may take years to come but there'll be a moment later where'll you say im happy that i didnt kill myself;weak
I can relate, I hate having no structure at all. I just know what to do with myself all day, and I feel very lonely.;weak
Medication. My panic would feed on itself to the point where I'd have done just about anything to make it stop.;no
I hear you. So well. And I'm so sorry you feel that way. I left my difficult-to-get-into art school because of this (and my classmates treated it like high school and were jerks, but thats irrelevant). It's not easy.;strong
Are you alright? I know dealing with this shit is a bitch, but trust me...you aren't alone. I know I'm just a stranger on the internet, but I'm here if you need to talk.;weak
Hey. I understand what you are feeling, and I am so sorry you are experiencing this. :( really such a hopeless feeling. Please feel free to PM me if you would like to talk. About anything.;strong
hey !  you tried seeing a specialist ?;no
Sorry to hear. I hope you find something grounding that will help you feel alive again.;strong
Check in with us! I hope we shed some light for you in there. Hugs.;strong
People know how to handle it. blame them.;no
For me it's not just with girls, but with my career pursuits. I've recently had to stop attending classes on campus because of this and I hate every second of my new situation.;no
It's your birthday? Well, happy birthday... And I can relate. I'm pushing 30 and I feel like I have wasted what were supposed to be the best years of my life...;weak
sick of life as well. I want to go to school tomorrow. I just want to sleep for all eternity.;no
Preaching to the choir man. I feel yeah. Try to enjoy everyday. I know it can be hard.;weak
I see what you mean, but imagine being 26, living at home with no job, absolutely no way to pay for school, and no girlfriend? I'm 26 with a decent job and live alone with no girlfriend. I tell myself that it's because I don't have a license due to a seizure disorder that I'm striking out with girls, which is probably true is some cases but I can't even see that girl being in one relationship for the rest of her life if she's picky like that.;no
I feel like this every day. Then something happens (like a stupid comment) and I am reminded that no one actually cares it's all a facade. I've even started paying people to care like going to the hair dresser to get a wash and cut even though I don't need one or going to the chiropractor even though it doesn't help but for 15 minutes it's almost like someone cares.;no
*hug* I can't remember the last time someone apart from my mom hugged me either, I need a hug or a cuddle so bad, the lack of intimacy with anyone is killing me. I feel incredibly lonely and empty all the time. I don't know how long I can go on. Best of luck!;strong
Stop expecting so much from it (assuming). Just accept whatever that comes. Do your best. If not, you still have the rest of your life. College is about putting yourself in a better position in life after college. Everything else is extra. Take chances. If not, then note that you didn't. Do your best, you wount every day. Try to be social some days, otherdays you wount be. Talk to girls, some you wount talk to. It's aaaallll okay! Be free. Embrace the unknown!;weak
There is no point to life. We find our own meaning in life. It sucks, but that's it. I'm sorry. I wish I could give you better answers. I love you.;strong
Woohoo, slaving so I can;no
There's absolutely no point. But that's beauty of it. You get to choose everything. Do whatever the fuck you want. Do I feel like rolling out of bed today? Maybe I can sleep in all day? Or I can slowly inch out? You have the strength to do anything but it takes time depending on how much of a deviation it is from your normalcy. It's obviously not going to come at all once. So take baby steps, and that applies to everything. Because once you get going...Objects in motion remain in motion unless acted upon by an external force. So make Monday your bitch. Fuck, make it a damn Saturday. The point is, you don't have to follow along by the universe's plan. If you don't want to, then don't do it. But all it takes is a single *want* to leave your bed. And that'll come eventually, so why delay it? You're not going to hide in your covers forever are you? Or is today the day you whip the universe into submission by just **thinking** about it?;weak
Yeah. The numbness is hard to get used to, it sucks. Sometimes it can be better than a roller coaster though.;weak
"Maybe one day. as you dream, things will get better. Hopefully. but mostly i believe you are the only one who can make things better. If you are feeling like talking. I'm here. &lt;3. :)";weak
Is that really so bad? Maybe it was the smart decision because you needed that time to read recover. You're being kind to yourself when you need it and that's important. Hope you feel better soon.;weak
I'm so sorry, grah88. I hope your grief doesn't overwhelm you. You can get through this and I'm rooting for you.;strong
I hear you. So well. And I'm so sorry you feel that way. I left my difficult-to-get-into art school because of this (and my classmates treated it like high school and were jerks, but thats irrelevant). It's not easy.;strong
Currently? No. But 12 days ago I drank until I blacked out just trying to forget my feelings and forget everything until morning. My subconscious, drunk brain had other plans. I tried to hang myself from a bridge but luckily was too drunk to execute it. I ended up with broken bones in both my feet, a required 5 day stay in a hospital behavior and addiction unit, and no memory of what I had done or even ever feeling suicidal. 12 days sober and have accepted that I have a binge drinking problem. You can only drown your sorrows for so long before they explode outward - one way or another. I am happy to help any way I can.;weak
I'm sorry. You have no one to talk to?;strong
I've been on antidepressants for a few months now and I'm still very much myself. Honestly, I'm more myself now than before I was taking them, because now I can see the real me instead of it being blurred out by some dramatic cloud of self depreciation and suicidal thoughts. I've still got a long way to go and my depression is definitely still here but yeah. People take them because they help. I don't know where this idea that they turn everyone into emotionless robots comes from;no
Please dont, you arent alone. There will always be someone who will miss you and wont be able to forgive themselves for not preventing it;weak
Im a woman and i know i get along better with men. Ones who arent trying to screw me and forget me anyway. Women in general like to talk talk talk. If thats all youre looking for (at least to start) most of them would chat with you.;no
It's true we live in a society where crying in public or hugging strangers are frowned upon. We've gone very far into the illusions of separation and it's going to take some time to break through these, but it's going to happen I have no doubt anymore! I'm sending you love and hugs through the wire even if it's only designed for 0 and 1, feel it!;strong
GO TO THE DOCTOR AND TELL HIM EXACTLY WHAT YOU SAID. This is not just life that's what I believed forever. You'll be so happy you saw a doctor. Seriously call right now. When I get happy people notice and when I'm not happy everyone thinks I'm a dick. Obviously non of us actually have free will;no
As long as your voice, good. Otherwise, this whole class of drugs unfortunately named antipsychotic. Might wanna see a doc..;no
Yeah, I resonate with a lot of what you're saying. It's only on a place like here or a depression support group that you would find others that feel this way. Let me ask you this: what do you find joy or distraction in? Tell me everything you have tried.;weak
It's useless commiting suicide. I mean, you're gonna lose anyway. Why not trying?;no
Nothing helps. depressed and anxious. The worst part is that I have a 7 day break from school. That means that all alone with my suicidal and depressive thoughts. I know what to do, wish me luck.;no
It happens. It used to happen a lot for me in my final year of uni. Best thing for me was to call someone and they'd talk me down. It's not easy to study when you're crying, shaking and hyperventilating :/;weak
I have a time or two....it feels good.;no
Remember that eventually you won't cry, and that you woke up today to experience another day of life. Maybe it wasn't the best day, but tomorrow is a brand new one, and it's going to be ok, whether I'm talking about tomorrow or in an hour or a week, it will be ok. I'm really sorry you are feeling down.;strong
Hope you're alright. Try and move on as fast as possible and keep this in the back of your head so you don't fall into a dangerous rebound. Keep your head up.;weak
For at least the last 4 or 5 years I've also felt like there's not really any point in living, and yet.... I'm still here. If only to spite all the people who think you aren't strong enough to make it, There's always a reason to hang on :) you matter and you deserve good things.;weak
Pick one things you need or want to do. Relax, be calm, sit down. Focus on that one thing. Complete it. Feel good about completing it and then move on to the next task. Repeat until desired tasks are completed. Look back on the work you have done and congratulate yourself for being strong when things are hard. You can do this friend I truly believe in you.;weak
Don't be afraid, whoever is your therapist has nothing in their mind other than helping you. Make sure to open up to the therapist and tell them how you really feel. This will make finding strategies and solutions much easier for the therapist, and you just might find out a few things about yourself :) Good Luck;weak
Don't do it. Tell me your story! I'd love to hear.;weak
I hear you. So well. And I'm so sorry you feel that way. I left my difficult-to-get-into art school because of this (and my classmates treated it like high school and were jerks, but thats irrelevant). It's not easy.;strong
I'm sorry. You have no one to talk to?;strong
I don't want to be here either after 25+ years of this bullshit. 4 suicide attempts later though I've realised that nonsense. I'm here if I like it or not and you are too. The reason we're both still here is because something is keeping us here. You may not know what the fuck that is yet, 'cause I sure as fuck didn't, but with time you really will. It may be to keep watch over delicate friends. It may be to provide entertainment by being a funny motherfucker, it might be there because you're a genius that doesn't know how to communicate with the rest of us idiots. My point is, you're clearly an intelligent person that struggles with emotional bombardment, and treat it like that. Suicide isn't as easy as people say. It takes real guts and my 4 times were a cry for help. I know people that have gone the full way so FFS find something in you that you do actually like, fuck what other people think, and press forward my friend. You've got it in you.;weak
Sorry to hear you have felt this way for so long. Some more background would be helpful. Were you ever bullied? Do you have a circle of friends?;strong
I'm sorry. I hope you get a good day soon.;strong
Is there anything I can do to help?;weak
I'm really sorry you're feeling this way. A person can be cared for by dozens and still feel alone, depression is a monster. I hope you're able to make progress against it in your own way, or by talking to people you trust, living the life you want to live, or by obtaining professional help. Please send me a message if you would like to talk to someone privately.;strong
If we weren't insignificant in the universe, would it make living more worthwhile?;no
It's always sunny above the clouds;weak
Pm me if you want to talk;weak
I'm so sorry, grah88. I hope your grief doesn't overwhelm you. You can get through this and I'm rooting for you.;strong
That depends on where you are in the world. Where I'm at in the USA, BHR (Behavioral Health Resources) would be the place to inquire. I'm pretty sure they're nation wide but lack the resources to really help many people though. Mental health care system is a joke, especially in the low/no income sector. Worth pursuing if you're in need. Just might take a little time and patience.;no
It won't kill you definitely. You should be fine, but it's still harmful. I would recommend visiting the hospital, especially if you feel bad. Stay safe anyway, wish you all the best.;weak
Why do you feel like that? There's no shame in taking something that will improve your quality of life.;weak
I'm sorry. This is true for me as well. And they regularly remind me. I think we can get through it though. Actually, that's a lie. I hope you can get through it. I'm not going to be able too.....;strong
I have the opposite problem. I eat and eat and eat when depressed. Sometimes when I have bad anxiety I eat though.;no
like being stuck in a black hole. At times you just close your eyes and fall. Other times you open your eyes. Your eyes adjust to the darkness you realize your in a room and the door is only 3ft away it seems impossible to reach so you close your eyes and keep falling;no
Ah I'm sorry :( Panic attack are awful but you certainly shouldn't feel embarrassed!;strong
Tell them that you appreciate their support, but feel that you aren't sure if cheering up will help in your situation. They'll understand.;weak
Youa re comdemned to a life of freedom. Is an old quote i tihnk its from satre, but im not sure. And later there has been others who disagree. You are forced to become alive and aware that much is for sure. Unlike most animals you are a creature born with the abillity gather information and draw conclusion not jsut based on your senses, and that oftens leads to the question. Why am i alive? Not only that, you are forced into not just a world, but a particular part of the word, which then in turn will teach you values and conformaty, and for some people this works out well. If you can find it in yourself to look at the context you have born into and be satisfied with it, enjoy it and love it, if you can find shelter, food, sleep, joy, love and challenge in you enviroment. But for some of us, we don't fin those things, we suddenly find ourself in a enviroment that conflicts with our nature, the context of our existence is not operationable with the essence of our nature. You first statement i cannot, say is wrong, you didn't decide to exist, but netiher did you chose not to. And existing in of itself is not evil or good. But if the context of your life is making your life or nature feel haunted and painful. Then a there are options available. The first thing, no matter how you want to change your context for the better, rquires that you step back and see the context. Where are you from, what values have been impsoed on you, which makes sense to you which doesn't, how has these values been imposed, who has impsoed them. For these purposes your reasoning is a great tool. It easy to finda figure head or a single person to blame, but you really have to map it out, and see udnerstand ana analyse your einvirotment and the people in it, and then find the conflicts with your nature, the pain and sadness. Then you have to figure out a plan. And this is a tremendous task, not just do you have to think thoguhts you ahve not been taught to think, you have to be critical of a system that raised you and shaped you. You have to go against the nature of what normal is and accept yourself. And then you ahve to find out how you want to change the context of your life. alkohol amkes me miserable, and everyone i know drinks Find people you can exist with with out alcohol My father is violent Create an existence were you are independant from him School is terrible translate My class mates bully me daily Find another school thes are simple i know, and jsut examples. Now i know you asked why do i have to do all this hard work and i threw some of the most difficult work and ideas at you. But the things is all what ive jsut said is the reasonalbe arguemtn for you nature, essence and existence and a way to improve it. when you ask why, reason is not a tool that can answer. its like trying to build a ship using lead, sure maybe it can be done, but its deffinately not the best way. Refelection, abstract thought, contemplation, emotion, empathy. those are the tools to arrive at an answer. If reason was used, human life wouldn't really have value. If you were the head of state and only used reason, you would quickly realize, human lives are not what drives you foward, what makes progress and creates a super power. And lives could turn into numbers. Sure educated people anda strong work force is good reasonable arguments to have a population, but only if they are educated or strong. Using reason to determine worth of life can lead to terrible ideas or no answers. You have to work hard right now, because you are worth it depsise allt he pain you are in you are worth it, and you deserve to be your best you. And if you don't liek working 8 hours a day then sleep 8 hours and then have 8 hours for yourself. Then there are options, but because you born into this context you ahve to work hard to get to those oprions. It is hard to change your enviroment. You have to stay alive becuase, you know a humans life has worth and you are one. When you see another in pain you wish he wouldn't ahve to be, when i see your words and want to help you but am incapable i still try. You have worth because of all the thigns you have not done yet, and all the people who have not enjoyed you future self. Stay strong friend Love I wish i speleld better;weak
Why do you go to that places? Why staying? I feel the same when I go dancing, I dance salsa, Bachata and kizomba (mostly) from 2 years, I go to the night, maybe that night is boring and I want to go home, but then I always find a reason to stay, the same I went there, dancing,feeling my self. So, why do you go there? Staying with friends? Being thoughtless?;no
I am sorry...time helps more or less, it's hard to forget someone like that, 4 months later, I am not sure if I feel any different unfortunately..;strong
Yep, for me, I go from crying my eyes out and feeling sad as hell to suddenly a 'wtf, I'm too tired to care' numb state.;no
I can relate. Been a third wheel in many friendships, always feels like I'm someone people hang around instead of hang with. I even had a friend invite me over and told me he called everyone else first, but nobody was free, so guess it was time to call me. I know he didn't mean it that way, but what a shitty thing to say. Everyone else more important than you was busy, so you (bottom of the list) will have to do. It hurts and depression makes it hurt x100. Gotta find a way to prove to yourself that you are worth spending time with. I'm struggling with this pretty badly too so I wish you the best.;weak
Sorry to hear that man. What are you studying? Do you feel like the material you are studying is hard, or is the volume of the work too much?;strong
50/50, because poor/beaten/destitute people still can live happy and fulfilling lives. Keep faith.;weak
sorry to hear that, but been in a similar situation after taking some time off of school. My best advice is to take the minimum amount of classes possible so you get too overwhelmed. For me essential to plan my assignments in advance, so that I can just do things one by one and not let it all get piled up cuz then I wanna die. Also, if you need a break, take one. School will always be there but good to take care of yourself too :);strong
Maybe one day things will become brighter for you to see it in a better light so that dream job might be ideal;weak
You could always leave them and find your own indipendence, sorrounding yourself with the people you love which are not part of your family. Idk your situation actually, but I felt the same way too many times, so lonely and neglected by the ones that should care the most. It happens, but this perception is not necessary the truth. Killing yourself won't solve or change anything.;weak
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
Sorry you are feeling that way but How do you know it was a lie? In My experience most people don't compliment unless they meant it. Excluding family or friends who may just be telling u what they think u wanna hear of course. Who complimented you and in what context?;strong
I feel the same way. I'm angry and depressed. It takes a lot out of me emotionally to do little things like run errands. I hate interacting with people. They state at me funny and act like I'm scary which makes me angry. It's exhausting.;weak
I'm very sorry that happened to you - I know the pain of loving someone and not having them love you back - How long have you back feeling depressed for?;strong
Im always here for you;weak
When I read this, I had to think of a girl in our company. I saw her like 2-3 days a week, always with a sad face. So, one day I just asked her, if everything is allright. She said Yes, of course, thanks. How about you? I answered with I'm fine. But I don't believe you. If you're ok, why can't you smile for just... one moment? She said: ... I never knew, that it was that obviously. No one ever told me that. I answered: I guess plenty of people know that something isn't ok with you, but most people just care about their own shit or just don't know what to say. If you wanna talk... I'm here. She ended the dialouge with Thank you.... And she never wrote me again since then. I felt bad somehow. On the one hand, I just wanted to help, but she refused it somehow or I scared her too much. On the other hand... maybe I just made it worse for her, and that's of course not what I wanted. The human mind is a thing, no one can explain. It's infinite.;no
why do you want to OD?;no
I am glad you aren't doing it, I am lucky myself in that I was equally lazy and depressed when I was at my worst, but by doing nothing you aren't making a terrible mistake. Thanks foring with us tonight.;weak
Hey man, I seen that you need to vent. Im all ears and you can tell me anything. Just shoot me a PM;weak
I'm sorry. You have no one to talk to?;strong
I feel you man. I think surpassed normal self harm. Now i not only hurt myself physically I hurt myself emotionally. I love to feel like shit. I like to want to die. When I look back at when I was closest to suicide i want to be back there. I want to be sitting on the verge of death again. What the fuck is wrong with;weak
I was a chef so it was natural for me to have cuts and burns. Nobody ever figured out I was doing it on purpose. I hope you're getting the help you need.;weak
Hello there, don't worry, you're not alone! It's good you are reaching out in a state of confusion, it's better in a way that it can help you get a grip of things again. Just know you're not alone for now and that I'd like to lend an ear if you feel comfortable to. We're in this together.;weak
I'm with you all the way man. Especially in regards to the decaying part..you just start to break down and it feels like there's no way to raise yourself back up.;weak
Great Work!!! Wanted to tell you I too am proud of you. I saw someone as well after a last year. I am very proud of you and ever think there is anything wrong with seeing someone!;strong
Sorry to hear you have felt this way for so long. Some more background would be helpful. Were you ever bullied? Do you have a circle of friends?;strong
What are some examples? Something that has happened lately? Anything specific?;no
That's great to hear, bud. Just take it day by day, you're doing great.;weak
Yea, I feel you. Or can't really say that now can I :/ Sometimes when I get a moment of happiness it feels like I was drunk, but the moment goes fast. I don't know how anything feels really, all I know is disappointment or sadness. I am all the time exhausted since I have to put on a show for people, when all I want to do is to close up and go to dance practices. I think the biggest thing I wish would fix itself is that I could feel safe, not walking on constant eggshells:/ Have a happy New Years, I hope this new time brings you all reading this some hope, some recovery, some love, some kindness... sending lots of good energy to your way!;weak
50/50, because poor/beaten/destitute people still can live happy and fulfilling lives. Keep faith.;weak
Did you hang out with other people? Maybe you're introverted and after being around people for so long you get so mentally drained that you just don't care anymore at that point of the day? Just a guess of course.;no
I am in the exact same place. I've lost two jobs and two boyfriends in the last year (2 jobs in the last 6 months). My ex lives two blocks away and I see him every time I leave the house. I never see my friends. I live alone and money is running out. I can't imagine finding a new job (my background makes it impossible) or finding new love (I'm too old). But you are not alone. Know that I am here and you can PM me and we can be there for each other, for whatever it's worth.;weak
I honestly don't care about school anymore, I just wanna be 20 and see if I can get a job and a place so I don't worry my family and maybe tackle depression without them knowing.;no
I get it too. I slept in 3 nights, my mind is ablaze! having a really tough week too in my struggle with depression, but before this week, I had three really good weeks. Hang in there! Some days are just harder than others. Sometimes I try falling asleep to a meditation music playlist, sometimes that works for me, I can focus on the sounds instead of my thoughts. Just take it one day at a time and know that you are not alone! I hope tomorrow is a good day!;weak
I don't know how to help, but I'd just like to say that you're not alone in your depression. I haven't gotten to where you are yet, but I do understand your pain.;weak
happy birthday! hope you have a chance to celebrate yourself;weak
I agree. Last week I had a day where I was so happy and everything was fine. Then one thing didn't go the way I wanted it to and I was crying at work within the next hour... hate feeling like that too.;weak
Personally I hate Christmas and all the Christmas spirit crap.;no
Hi there. I'm not often online, and when online it's erratic and random, but I can give it a go if you want. Hugs, and hope things become better for you soon! :);strong
I'm around if you need someone to chat with. I'm sorry you're feeling sad. Sometimes it's such a painful and unbearable feeling.;strong
I'm sorry. I hope you get a good day soon.;strong
I find that how you view failure is tied to your expectations quite heavily. Or also the pressure of feeling others' expectations of you on your shoulders. I still haven't worked things out that I'm able to effectively handle failure myself, but mainly people can feel better when they fail, because they recognise it as a learning experience, or it is an inevitable part of the process. Now this may sound obvious, but when in the moment, it is very easy to forget this and lose sight of progress after the failure. Failure can appear in many forms. My expectation of a 'good outcome', instead was a horrible mistake... Or was it? I'm sorry to hear you feeling even worse after your suicide attempt. Just know that I believe you are alive, and fighting, and you will come out of this stronger.;strong
I'm sure you will see your way through. Just don't do what I did. Don't rush I to a relationship and don't have your head in the clouds thinking that its going to be heaven on earth. Don't be blinded from your emotions and always pay attention to reality.;weak
Don't give up! You are valuable. You are strong. Take care of your physical and mental health. Practice self-love. Hope things get better for you.;weak
For what worth it probably mean much coming from a complete stranger but glad it failed, or the world would have just lost 1 more good person and we are low on them as is You can pm me anytime if you wanna talk;strong
I'm sorry to hear that. If you are able to you could channel that sadness into a drawing or poem or something like that. It might help a little.;strong
Uhhh... who? Sorry I can't help you very much...;strong
Maybe someone who still loves the you that you hate.;no
that be nice? I am in the same boat...for about the last 8 years it just keeps getting worse. I am sorry you are going through it too...I am not real hopeful about it getting better for me anytime soon, but I really hope it does for you. it strange that we can believe it can for someone else, a complete stranger on the internet, but not for ourselves? If not happiness, I hope you can find at least some peace and comfort in 2019.;strong
I'm so sorry, grah88. I hope your grief doesn't overwhelm you. You can get through this and I'm rooting for you.;strong
What happened today? If you feel like you need someone to listen to you, I can be here.;weak
I don't want to crumble your hopes but i believe that if somebody starts feeling depressed and they manage to get rid of it, i still think that those negative thoughts will always be in the back of your brain, because, somehow, they appeared there in the first place. Nobody is the same, hope you will get rid of it as soon as possible;weak
Happens to me too, you're probably just sleep deprived, lack of sleep is known to cause hallucinations/illusions.;no
I can relate to what you're feeling. It's very easy to be disgusted by yourself when people are either berating you or not acknowledging your presence. What's making you feel this way?;weak
Hello, I can be friend;weak
Pick something you're interested in. Anything. It could be comics, a historical event, a tv show, law, place, a band, etc and learn everything you an about that topic. See where it takes you :);no
I am sorry I'm alive;strong
Last new years was my first one alone. I looked outside the window and saw people hugging eachother and laughing. My heart dropped through my asshole.;no
I'm sorry. I've been in and out of a relationship for years now. She's loving and considerate and great in so many ways.. but there's no commitment. Actually the space between us has grown over the years. I guess part of it is that I'm a bit of a basket case and it can be emotionally taxing. I don't even want to put her through all of that for the rest of her life. But at the end of the day I just want to go home and share my life with her.. and she's not there. She's done so much for me but it makes me feel so unwanted that this is the end of the line. Like I'm just a burden and despite all the love she has to offer, I'm just too screwed up for it to work. I feel so lonely and so stupid for everything I've done to turn her away.;strong
Happy Birthday, you could try suggesting to your friends/family to play some board games or card games, if you aren't able to do anything with people then you could try mediating to some sounds of the ocean or watch some videos about baby foxes.;no
Sorry to hear that. Hopefully it goes by quick.;strong
Good question I would like to know to;no
Preferably neither but if not an option then just run. Just die;no
roll with the bald look i say! i dont really think twice when i see a bald person, regardless of age :);weak
I'm sorry. I wish I could help. I feel the same way.;strong
me too man. it's like death;no
It's afternoon here in the Philippines. I'm at work now. Can't sleep?;no
Try to let this show you that it isent your time, things can be better, it doesn't happen overnight although you wish it too. Please think of yourself and everyone who loves you too, we only get one shot at this life, please don't. If you need to talk, I'm here;weak
end it man! Go somewhere. Be on your own. Figure yourself out. nobody so broken that it cannot be fixed.;no
Sorry man, PC masterrace here. Hope you'll spruce up your friend list nicely.;strong
I feel you there and I am so sorry! Those people suck!;strong
yes! so sorry that's happening to you, but it feels good to relate - I see a lot of posts about having great dreams. I have at least one bad dream almost every night - and the feeling *always* bleeds into my day, especially if it was confusing or made me question reality. I have dreams all the time about my little sisters getting hurt, and it makes me worry for them. just today I had some kind of sleep paralysis (I don't know if that's the right word, I looked it up but it didn't seem to fit) and honestly I'm scared to fall asleep tonight because I do not want it to happen again. it's happened several times and it terrifies me. you're not alone, friend.;strong
That's possible, but you would still have to land on the high end of all probabilities. You shouldn't let you looks hold you back. Genes don't matter as much as health consciousness and maintenance. Some of the ugliest, crud genetics individuals I've known in my life put a lot of effort into things and have turned out to be quite remarkable people. I've allowed myself to rot and am just living it up in the human decay cycle.;weak
"Sorry to hear that. Obviously a very painful experience. Of course you're not crazy for feeling like that makes you wonder about your value as a person, but to get through this life you'll really want to get to the place where you understand other people's behaviors are a reflection of them and not of you. I'm not trying to suggest some stupid mind-trick here, of course when someone chooses another person over you, you are going to have thoughts of worthlessness and insecurity. But even if someone you are with realizes they'd rather be with someone else, it doesn't require them to cheat on you, they could just be an adult and end a relationship before doing something behind someone's back. Human love is fickle. There's no way to ever say that anyone who decides to spend time with you owes it to you to honor that choice forever, but it certainly doesn't mean they have to cheat and lie. This advice has stuck with me ever since I heard it on a podcast; don't ever expect other human beings to be rational, or to assume they are playing by the same set of rules and understandings as you are. They lived so much of their lives before you were ever it in, you have no idea if this behavior could be a reflection of something somebody else did to them in their past or whatever. You can't blame yourself for other people. Otherwise a total stranger could walk up to you on the street and punch you, and you'll spend the next week wondering what you did wrong instead of identifying that person as a violent crazy person. Regardless, it isn't exactly the most logical part of your mind that is going to feel rotten about this for a while, so no amount of information is going to make it feel better right away. But try to love yourself, and work on coming around to that understanding that other people's choices do not say anything about you, only about them. This action means that they are a cheater, not that you are worthless.";strong
"It's okay not to be okay. A lot of us in this sub are in the same boat as you. You are not alone &lt;3";weak
I'm sorry you're feeling unwell. I can't sleep either. I've been having a couple nights of unrest. I hope you're having better luck than I am. Also, stay strong. I know it's hard and it's a long journey but the fact that you want to stop is a start. Sleep well.;strong
Same. Weed keeps me content and xanax gets me through the rough spots (speeches, class, social things).;no
I'm sorry. I wish I could help. I feel the same way.;strong
write me. write me about whats bothering you. sometimes putting all his worries in order is the best relief to start with;weak
Oh damn, sorry I caught that. Yeah, me too.;no
My meds (been on at least 12 different ones over the years) never changed my emotions but usually made me feel that I had the right to feel them and that I could manage them. Like I would feel anxious and sad but my brain had the capability to say yes this sucks but we are moving past it and can fix it or forget it. With depression I can't do that..it just consumes me;no
Aww you are so lucky to have her by your side..! Inspirational;strong
I agree with him, people are so hard to live with I went though so many thinking I was the problem. But then I moved in with my SO and found out that I was just living with the wrong people. freaking hard, but keep your head up, you are not the problem.;weak
I'm very sorry that happened to you - I know the pain of loving someone and not having them love you back - How long have you back feeling depressed for?;strong
There are many services that local and state governments provide to help people such as yourself find work. The cool thing is they are totally free and they can provide a support system and will work with you to find a job that works for you! I would suggest looking online for these services and sending your information to them. Stay strong and I love you!!;strong
Keep an eye on them. Check up on them because it always happens when you least expect it. Try to talk to your friend that has personal issues. give advice just tell them your there for them.;no
Ahw im so sorry for you, what happened to your dog if i may ask?;strong
I agree with you. the divorce rate is what? 50%? It makes me think that half all people realize they made a mistake, while the other half are split between being ok with things or too chickenshit to divorce.;no
I'm feeling that way now. And this is just me, I actually don't recommend it for others, but we're sharing, so for me I am literally laying in my bed right now, watching rubbish on TV and disconnecting myself from the entire world because it's the only way I'll make it through the night.;no
I did. It was about 7 months ago when I was severely depressed and he knew about it. But until one time, when he said he couldn't understand me sometimes, due to my depression because I always cry. He couldn't cope with my depression so we broke up. It was hard. It was a lonely journey, but here I am now. And now he wants to get back, but I know I deserved better. What about you?;no
Just give her a hug, and be the bigger brother or sister she wants and just be there for her. Don't make her talk, just let her talk. If she doesn't want to talk, don't leave, just sit there or lay there with her so she doesn't feel alone. When someone wants to die, they feel alone, they feel like no one cares. But you obviously care about her, so show it. Just be there for her. When she's ready to talk and when she talks to you, ask her if she wants help, and then get her help... now I know, I'm not a professional but from someone coming from the other side, I have a feeling that's what she would want.;no
Check in with us! I hope we shed some light for you in there. Hugs.;strong
Because life is not easy and its horrible but you cannot have the highs without the lows, what is wrong what type if things are you fighting with your brain over?;no
Hopefully they can help you.;weak
The more it manifests itself the more it'll take over your mind and convince you that it's a completely logical choice. I'm a fan of therapy, considering that you can find a good therapist. Talking to someone who doesn't degrade you for how you feel can be incredibly helpful. Those people tend to be hard to find in daily life.;weak
It's the otherway around man!;no
Hi there. No one on this earth is worthless, even if you feel that way now. It gets better, things change, you will change. I browsed through your post history and noticed how young you are. The age you're in is a horrible hormonic stage. My son had the same feelings at that age-range. I did too. Even if life feels overwhelming and lonely now, this will pass eventually. Be patient. I have to go for a while, but will get back to you with how my son learned to cope. Hang in there. A big motherly hug to you!;strong
Keep the idea of suicide as the last resort in your mind. This is actually quite comforting for me, as I know always an option. Once that is accepted, focus on taking it one step at a time, trying to appreciate each small thing in life. One day, hour, and moment at a time. Stay busy, see friends, remain clean and tidy, and be as kind as you can to yourself.;no
...not sure I see the problem as long as its consensual? But if it's something you want to change, sure, I can try to help. What do you feel like you get out of it? How does sexting make you feel better?;weak
The only time I leave my house is to go to work or go shopping. I guess that is a shut in.;no
So sorry for your loss;strong
sorry man. If people judge you for it then FUCK THEM;strong
Hi friend! :) I'm really sorry you're in such pain :( sometimes the people we have around us can't see the pain we're in because they don't want to (they may see it, not know how to help us, and are afraid to because it may cause them pain). This may seem like useless advice, but it can greatly help if you tell the other people exactly how you're feeling and ask them to try and help you. Nobody will ever be inside your head and able to experience exactly what you are feeling, but by talking to them and letting them know, you can help them to understand you. Sometimes we have to do the hardest part of reaching out ourselves. I had to tell my best friend I was feeling suicidal, but by telling her she helped me turn my life around. She just didn't realise. It's never easy to do, but I can promise you that you are so much stronger than you know, and there are always people willing to listen and to try to understand what you're going through. Lastly, I hope you don't die. Not until you've been able to live the life that you want, the life that you deserve to have. I'm sending you love and luck.;strong
Something will come along soon. Serendipity happens.;weak
Does your school have any counseling or therapy? I think depression amongst grad students is way too common;no
I'm sorry, that is so sad!!!! It is a cruel world. But you make it better with your kind, sensitive heart.;strong
I am sorry feeling this way, I have been where you are and I know how much it sucks. Please give up!;strong
Glad you didn't. Made you stronger, remember that. You will make it. One day at a time.;weak
You are more equipped to deal with it :) Youre like a marathon runner thats been a couch potato for the past ten years because you didnt have a reason to run... How are you feeling ?;weak
Sometimes, I feel like this is okay though. The not being okay. I think there's this expectation we all have just because everyone else and everything around us shows this picture perfect life that is normal. Also, I get to the opinion sometimes that when none of it matters, it's actually the most liberating, because then I am truly free of my worldly concerns. I don't know. Silver lining and framing and all that jazz. Best of luck, friend.;weak
I can agree with every single thing you have listed there, and experience them all. It is not normal for a 24 year old good looking, well educated man to be feeling this way - but I have never felt right in life. The biggest thing that kills me is that I have never experienced a relationship or genuine friendship in my life. I find myself completely and utterly alone every day. My only communication is with my clients by email. I do leave the house, but it's only to go to the grocery store or for a walk - by myself of course. I read on the internet about all these wonderful holiday destinations that i'd love to visit, but I can barely afford it and going by myself is not enticing at all. Just sick of it..;weak
I guess kind of our fault, but at the same time I think we desperately wish we could be better. Sometimes we really physically and emotionally can not be better. Stay strong, not alone.;weak
I'm sorry. This is true for me as well. And they regularly remind me. I think we can get through it though. Actually, that's a lie. I hope you can get through it. I'm not going to be able too.....;strong
Sorry to hear you have been going through a rough time. Emotions can be hard to control and anger can be an easy out. It lets you feel powerful, in control of things. In therapy they teach you to sit-down often and sort through your emotions. What emotion are you experiencing right now? How do you identify it? What caused you to feel like this? What steps can you make to prevent this feeling? Try to walk yourself through some of these exercises. They might help you better understand your emotions so that you can control them in the future.;strong
Just focus on her. Let her be the center of your thought and try not to overthink.;no
Yes I do. And the weight gain just makes me sink into further depression.;no
I'm sorry to know you've in such a bad place. I've been in that same place some time ago.... Wanna talk about it?;strong
I do function and I functioned my whole life - I have a scholarship for my study program and am one of the best in my semester plus are part of the student representatives and more stuff and having a job. So everyone would agree that I'm working very well - but that doesn't mean that it ever goes way up or that I am close to anything like happiness - or that I ever was. So I can't agree with you. That people expect you to function just puts more pressure on you - it's not helpful.;no
How many milligrams are each tablet and how much do you weigh? If you're looking to kill yourself, clonidine can't kill you. Just put you in a coma. Which will only make the suffering worse. Please do not attempt suicide using anything. It's Christmas, man. You can reply to this if you need to vent or anything, I'm here for you dude. Again. Don't attempt suicide. Please. For me. A stranger on the internet who cares more than you think.;weak
Ah I'm sorry :( Panic attack are awful but you certainly shouldn't feel embarrassed!;strong
I dunno man, I over come either even with a ton of meds. It really depends on the person.;no
Hospital stays can be helpful or horrible, depending on the staff and services provided. I hope things go OK for you while you're there. I've been where you've been. I don't know if it gets better, but you're not alone.;weak
**hugs if you want them**;strong
Yup. Had a good life for 50+ years, then a slow slide, then a rapid slide, then my mind seized up, burned out, broke....a lot of disfunction now, peronality kinda leaked out like anti-freeze. I still enjoy entertainment, but I lack a sense of goals, unable to visualize anything beyond a couple of days, just zero motivation other than craving a snack. Not curious to learn anything, either. I miss my personality....;no
I love you all. Genuinely the replies here made me feel much less alone. your kindness is beautiful;strong
your friend is an asshole;no
Please call a crisis counselor ASAP. Call your own therapist if you have one, let their answering service know you are in severe crisis, or head to the nearest ER and tell them you are having a mental health crisis. There are other ways to deal with this besides suicide. I have been there. Things have gotten better. I do struggle with at least a few things every day but not the way I do during what I call a crisis. I'm actually in a small crisis state right now, which led me to this board and trying to do the things my therapist has given me to do in the past like up my seroquel and ativan and rest as much as possble for a few days.;no
I'm so happy for you! This is definitely a good sign.;strong
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
I am sorry I'm alive;strong
You will find some people who will refuse to leave your side, regardless of what you're going through and regardless of if you both have disagreements or fights. It might take a while, it took me several years, but just keep searching. Be yourself, and the right people will come and they will love you for you. It might take a while, but don't give up hope.;weak
I usually revert to things I loved doing before the depression, like getting on the computer and playing Rollercoaster Tycoon.;no
All I want and need after I move on from this life is to be Omnipotent. It's something I obsess over because I want to experience true freedom and true peace for eternity! I just want to be a God and play in my own sandbox.;no
Happy birthday dude, it's actually my birthday as well today!;no
You aren't too much they are just assholes for leaving you. its horrible for them to just leave you when you are struggling because they don't feel like being supportive. You will find friends who care. Sometimes friends come out and tell you that you can talk to them about anything you just need to find the right people.;weak
Antidepressants, therapy, naps, bubble baths, tea, cat snuggles, books, watching movies curled up on the couch with a pillow and blanket, time spent in nature, a good cry. Hang in there my friend.;weak
yes! so sorry that's happening to you, but it feels good to relate - I see a lot of posts about having great dreams. I have at least one bad dream almost every night - and the feeling *always* bleeds into my day, especially if it was confusing or made me question reality. I have dreams all the time about my little sisters getting hurt, and it makes me worry for them. just today I had some kind of sleep paralysis (I don't know if that's the right word, I looked it up but it didn't seem to fit) and honestly I'm scared to fall asleep tonight because I do not want it to happen again. it's happened several times and it terrifies me. you're not alone, friend.;strong
I know if this is comforting but there is no reason why. You just were born. I get the same thought as you often. I think of how there is much more net suffering than net joy in life. But honestly it just feels that way since been more severely depressed (just a couple of months) I have hope that at some point i can get back to feeling better. It may take a few more months even. But even just thinking back to how I used to feel makes me realize that there is hope.;no
Being home alone often puts me in a really dark place. I try to stay out of the house, even if I'm still alone on my laptop at a library or a coffee shop, it feels more connected and sane. I hope you start to feel better.;weak
Care to talk? Feel free to message me any time.;weak
but how can you play sims when you're dead? jokes aside, don't do anything okay, calm down. life will bring beauty, hang on.;weak
Wow, looking through your post history makes this hit even harder. :\;no
That's a pretty profound question, but I think happiness is something that a lot of people don't understand. In a period or prolonged period of despair, I don't believe there can be happiness at all, and it's only after that period has been solved, over, attacked enough by effort and time, that you can start experiencing happiness. I don't think happiness and gratitude should be forced, or you should try to feel happy when you truly cannot feel happy. I'm still going through that period, and there might be rivets or jewels of happiness along the way, but they are fleeting and leave very quickly. The whole reason why people despair is because they are tied so strongly to negative emotional memories that they outweigh any trivial positive emotional memories. Think about it, which memories are the quickest, strongest, and most easily able to be remembered for you? The most emotional ones. If your most emotional memories are negative, you will be in despair. On the converse, if one's most emotional memories are positive, you will be in a state of happiness. There is a way to end your despair, you just have to face it head on and let go of everything, and keep trying to let go and accept. Very few people have any science on this and might be the thing we need to explore the most as a society as a whole.;weak
Have you considered speaking with a therapist? Do you know why you feel this way?;no
If she doesn't have or doesn't want to give a reason, trying to force it out of her isn't going to help anyone. Acknowledge that it is over and find a hobby or something to do with your time.;weak
I understand completely. If it weren't for my daughter I'd be gone. Right now even holding out for her is very hard. Truthfully if I had a firearm I don't know what I'd do.;no
missed you a lot! Are you doing well?;no
I'm sorry. I wish I could help. I feel the same way.;strong
you are not, stay positive, look ahead;weak
Sorry to hear you have been going through a rough time. Emotions can be hard to control and anger can be an easy out. It lets you feel powerful, in control of things. In therapy they teach you to sit-down often and sort through your emotions. What emotion are you experiencing right now? How do you identify it? What caused you to feel like this? What steps can you make to prevent this feeling? Try to walk yourself through some of these exercises. They might help you better understand your emotions so that you can control them in the future.;strong
I'm sorry you feel like this. My daughter has tried to kill herself 3 times and I pretty much have been mentally preparing myself for the worst for the last 6 months bc she was so so depressed and non responsive to meds, therapy etc. Then the craziest thing happened...she got involved in an old hobby, met new people she had stuff in common with, and just 5 minutes ago told me that she is going out to lunch with someone from that group. My point is...things can change. I hope things can change for you soon.;strong
I wanna be lonely with you guys to. Here's one big lonely hug , squeeze hard might be the only one you get. I'm alone by myself oh so lonely, just want to feel close to another like myself, I'm blown away by the shear lone that has overcome me, will I ever break the chains that imprisoned me to lonliness. Am I to endure this for the rest of my life?;strong
I hear you brother/sister. I recently stepped down from management position so I can work by myself. It's a bit better.;weak
The amount of plumber and garbage man jokes they made about me when I told them I wasn't going to uni. Fucking hell, and they blatantly laughed for minutes on end while i was faking my own. And they would bring it up at least once every time they fucking saw me. oh we were just joking man cmon when I jokingly but not so jokingly said I was going to kill myself. Glad I cut off ties with them. Made my depression like 5 times worse during that period. Still hurts. Were my only friends;no
I'm sorry your situation at home is so difficult. Do you have anyone in your life whom you trust enough to talk to about how you're feeling?;strong
It is. It's very tough to keep going. I can't tell you how to make it stop, I wish I could. I just try to focus on the next very small thing I can do. I'm sorry dude. You aren't alone, I promise.;strong
For what worth it probably mean much coming from a complete stranger but glad it failed, or the world would have just lost 1 more good person and we are low on them as is You can pm me anytime if you wanna talk;strong
not alone. PM me if you ever need someone to chat.;weak
I'm sorry. That's horrible... Are things getting better there, at least?;strong
Whoa, easy. Whoever she is, and whatever you did, chances are not as irreparable as you think. Time will heal most wounds. And if it is really irreparable, then you move on. One incident is not indicative of your worth as a human being, nor does one opinion determine whether you are good or bad. It might hurt to move on, like *really* hurt, but alright. normal.;weak
not alone. PM me if you ever need someone to chat.;weak
I used to do this a lot. Thinking of really aggressive and horrific things happening to me would make me feel so much better. But afraid thinking like that would just make suicide seem easier and easier. While here you might as well think or do something else you like. Anything at all, even if really shitty or just doing drugs all day or whatever! not here long anyway so you might as well do whatever makes you happy for the time being while we wait to expire.;weak
really sorry going through this. basically going through the same thing right now. Let me know if you ever wanna chat. Things will get better eventually, I hope.;strong
Glad you didn't. Made you stronger, remember that. You will make it. One day at a time.;weak
currently in a relationship. I keep thinking going to breakup with me or cheat on me. My anxiety fucks it all up.;no
*hug* Whatever the situation is that's causing you to feel this way, please remember to exercise compassion towards yourself.;strong
In what way is it dragging her down?;no
I am. It's hard to be sober, because I don't feel like the fun joyful person I am when I'm drunk. When I'm not drunk I'm depressed and anxious and in pain and I hate it. And I'm sorry that you're feeling like this :( I'm here for ya;strong
My mind is foggy pretty much 24/7. I concentrate anymore. I have to reread everything multiple just to understand anything.;no
I'm around if you need someone to chat with. I'm sorry you're feeling sad. Sometimes it's such a painful and unbearable feeling.;strong
I'm sorry to hear that. If you are able to you could channel that sadness into a drawing or poem or something like that. It might help a little.;strong
Wow, if you need to talk about it, you can DM me.;weak
I hear you. So well. And I'm so sorry you feel that way. I left my difficult-to-get-into art school because of this (and my classmates treated it like high school and were jerks, but thats irrelevant). It's not easy.;strong
Good morning bro, im happy that you woke up and read this comment! I hope you have a great day today!;strong
Do your parents tell you that you're a failure? My mom and dad both did that to me for a while. I'm 16. I used to be depressed over my bad grades and I had this constant anxious feeling that my life was over because of these bad grades and I would amount to nothing. Then all of a sudden one day, I noticed that bad grades in high school aren't the end of the world. It might have been because I moved out of my Dad's place and I didn't have to hear him call me a failure anymore. Either way, I became happy again. Then I met her. A nice girl who was my age. She had a pretty face, we had a ton of classes together, and she thought I was really funny. I was able to open up to her. I think (I know) I fell in love with her. She had a boyfriend though. He's a shitty person. He's high all the time and he always flirts around with other girls. I really thought she would break it off with him and find her way to my arms and I'd be the happiest guy in the world. That didn't happen. I became desperate. I began to have a drinking problem because of it. One night while very drunk I texted her a bunch of things about my depression. I don't think she cares about me anymore. Now I find myself drunk and alone for the umpteenth time wondering how I let myself get depressed again.  Basically what I wanna say to you is: your life's not over, it's just beginning. Whatever it is that makes you feel like a failure is probably a problem that is possible to overcome. Just focus on you and don't let other people get in your way and bring you down like I did. Don't let anyone else determine your happiness. Control your life. You can do it.;weak
I'm sorry to know you've in such a bad place. I've been in that same place some time ago.... Wanna talk about it?;strong
you might find someone wholl like you enough to want you around;weak
I'm right with you, for years. I bought a VR headset because I needed to use vacation from work. I only put it on for 10 min in 7 days off. I just slept and watched the odd video. I wish I had the energy to feel what I used to from games. It was my only real escape.;weak
I just sent my support out, it should arrive in a few weeks, $3.95 shipping charges.;weak
Exactly, every time something good happens life finds a way to ruin it. You help but think course this had to happen, I just have one good thing happen to me without something going;no
Yeah, I resonate with a lot of what you're saying. It's only on a place like here or a depression support group that you would find others that feel this way. Let me ask you this: what do you find joy or distraction in? Tell me everything you have tried.;weak
Hey sorry things are blank for you just hold in there and try to find something unique about yourself or make something and give it a purpose in your life. motivation have to come from inside yourself alone it can be other places or times;strong
Please be safe and seek help. I have been really depressed and lonely before where I tried what you tried. I took over 20+ pills trying to OD to end up at the doctors with them believing it was a virus. I also tried cutting but I was too scared of the pain. I lived through the loneliness and pain only to be depressed again, but I came to a realization- I deserve better and I am worth it. It's definitely hard and a battle everyday, but with professional help, I am getting better day by day. You deserve better and you are worth it. Please stay strong and I do hope you talk to someone to get the help you need.;weak
I am sorry...time helps more or less, it's hard to forget someone like that, 4 months later, I am not sure if I feel any different unfortunately..;strong
I was on a very low dose of Celexa, only 10mg, but that was causing enormous weight gain. I'm really short and I was gaining a pound a month. I tapered off quickly, on the expectation that the mental pain of getting fat this quickly was going to counteract any benefit from the drug. I went off and I'm on gabapentin now, and melatonin, and that usually keeps the insomnia at bay. I used to tell myself meds were a weakness, but being on them is far better than getting fired from a job, which was in the cards if I hadn't gone to see a therapist. I know it feels shameful, but really, it's no different than needing glasses, or a coat when it's cold. If your current meds help you, stay on them, and don't feel bad about it.;weak
Dude I don't know if it'll help, but as someone who has thought about suicide I know how much it can suck, so if you want to talk about it..;weak
Remember that eventually you won't cry, and that you woke up today to experience another day of life. Maybe it wasn't the best day, but tomorrow is a brand new one, and it's going to be ok, whether I'm talking about tomorrow or in an hour or a week, it will be ok. I'm really sorry you are feeling down.;strong
thanks, friend. do the same for you.;weak
Please don't cut yourself. You can post more about your situation, I'm sure there are always people in this sub that will offer a listening ear. I would.;weak
Cutting the topside of my arms hurt and bled but they clotted pretty quickly. Please use a sterile blade if you're going to cut yourself, and don't go any deeper than just the surface skin. Take it from me as someone who has used self-harm, an infection is not the sort of pain that helps with emotional relief! I also recommend other methods, there are plenty out there that can cause some pretty gnarly pain but are far, far safer than cutting. Are there any taps in your house that have overly hot water? Boiling water shouldn't be used as it will scald and is just as prone to infection and other nasties as cutting, so just try clenching a fist under the regular hot water for a few seconds. On the other end of the scale I found the grabing an ice cube and squeezing as tight as I could helped! I thought it would just make my hand feel numb, but it creates a localised, sharp unbearable sensation that works wonders to distract me.;no
You asking for reasons is the biggest reason of all.;no
Yea. Sorry. I know how you feel. feeling very alone today.;strong
Sorry to hear that man. What are you studying? Do you feel like the material you are studying is hard, or is the volume of the work too much?;strong
sorry you feel this way. I do too. It provides a release.;strong
Wait, does this mean you're seeing someone already? I can see the concern, but if you're already suffering then not doing anything at all for you isn't really better. You can always look for a second opinion. I'm getting help, but before I was (and while I was trying to find the right combo of things), I'd have both depression and anhedonia at the same time pretty frequently. Like, 4-5 days out of a week. It sucked hard. Right now my anxiety is the bigger problem most of the time, but anhedonia still strikes and lasts like maybe a day to almost a week. Sometimes I make myself go do something outside of the house to distract myself, even if it's not actually enjoyable. This combo sucks, and I hope you find a way to lessen or even break the pattern.;weak
in there my friend. I'm here for you;weak
not alone. PM me if you ever need someone to chat.;weak
Would you feel better (1) sticking to a renewed promise to not drink and thus having to forego drinking every time you feel the need in the future or (2) abandoning your promise and dealing with whatever direct and indirect harm befalls you from the drinking?;no
*hug* Whatever the situation is that's causing you to feel this way, please remember to exercise compassion towards yourself.;strong
Okay... Do you want to talk about it?;weak
I feel ya.. Hope that you'll get through this moment in time.;weak
I feel you. Realizing how depressed you really are is pretty scary. Best of luck with all your struggles.;weak
so sorry my friend. I hope found something or someone to help you fill a part of that void.;strong
Can you reach out to any friends or loved ones? Sorry you're going through this, friend;weak
I feel the same way, but I'm probably just projecting. To my friends and family I look pretty normal, happy and motivated, but in reality I struggle every day just to stay alive. I can't stop myself from feeling everyone else is the same.;no
"Hey, I know I'm some random stranger on the internet but I hope you continue on &amp; keep fighting. I want to say things get better, I'm not sure if they do, but something's got to give right? I hope whatever's making you feel super down right now gets better &amp; you find happiness. I know easier said than done but if you ever need to talk myself &amp; plenty others are always here!";weak
I'm sorry. I've been in and out of a relationship for years now. She's loving and considerate and great in so many ways.. but there's no commitment. Actually the space between us has grown over the years. I guess part of it is that I'm a bit of a basket case and it can be emotionally taxing. I don't even want to put her through all of that for the rest of her life. But at the end of the day I just want to go home and share my life with her.. and she's not there. She's done so much for me but it makes me feel so unwanted that this is the end of the line. Like I'm just a burden and despite all the love she has to offer, I'm just too screwed up for it to work. I feel so lonely and so stupid for everything I've done to turn her away.;strong
Great Work!!! Wanted to tell you I too am proud of you. I saw someone as well after a last year. I am very proud of you and ever think there is anything wrong with seeing someone!;strong
50/50, because poor/beaten/destitute people still can live happy and fulfilling lives. Keep faith.;weak
I get angry at myself as well, along with all other negative Emotion and toxic feelings. Lately i have been trying to better myself by reading,and browsings like deciding to do better/get disciplined/get motivated. Some posts are really refreshing to read. Maybe you could try to find something to distract you. Learn a language or skill or something. Spending time with friends. Make new friends. It is good that you have some long term friendship. short term friendship is not bad too.  Dont know if you do this or not. A mistake i made is that I used to watch a lot of comedy. Comedians would make a lot of self deprecating jokes, they would say things like : nobody likes them, they are unattractive, got terrible personalities, they have messed up life, blablabla in a very funny way. And i actually took it serious (by this i dont mean i get offend by jokes ) And proud that i am relate to that. So i always lookdown on myself. But i stopped doing that and try not to read posts on depression/ 2meirl /other sub that might bring me down.;no
in there my friend. I'm here for you;weak
I was getting better around last November after 2 years of being a shut in. I got a job, moved out and on with my life, and was doing good. I started to decline about 4 months ago. I'm back to where I was. I moved back. No more job. No more new friends. The only thing that keeps me going is that this right now won't be forever. It's for now and it's so debilitating. I leave my bed to use the restroom, grab something to eat back in bed, and thats it for last week at my just getting here lowest points. And over time the time spent like this will get shorter and the time spent on that high curve will go longer and farther. I don't feel that in any way. I'm lucky to have had a decade of therapy to make me feel like I know it tho. Doesn't change the feeling at all but gives me a shred of hope to hang onto. I'm really sorry you feel that way mate. Some people don't do well with that kinda energy but there are a lot who will not care too and help you with their energy. My dad is neutral and doesn't care, but can't really help. My mother won't even be around me when I'm down. Even told me she can't stand it. Just having the 2 people I have right now for when I am down tho helps me a lot. Pm me if you ever wanna chat about whatever. Your energy doesn't affect mine.;strong
Please Feelings can lie to us...perhaps time to fuel up with new thoughts?? You can do it!!;weak
I'm sorry you feel this way. Is there anything in particular that's bothering you?;strong
that be nice? I am in the same boat...for about the last 8 years it just keeps getting worse. I am sorry you are going through it too...I am not real hopeful about it getting better for me anytime soon, but I really hope it does for you. it strange that we can believe it can for someone else, a complete stranger on the internet, but not for ourselves? If not happiness, I hope you can find at least some peace and comfort in 2019.;strong
I'll be honest, I feel kinda sorry for you. You have completely nobody? Perhaps you had some people, but due to some things those relationships didn't work out?;strong
I'm sorry you feel this way. Is there anything in particular that's bothering you?;strong
I feel the same, I feel as if I was born defective.;no
Thanks for sharing that. I agree that telling people that they shouldn't kill themselves due to their loved ones can sometimes be futile and useless. You must be going through so much with the world being unready to accept you yet. Just know there are people who do accept you for who you are. Whether it's the friend that lives far away from you or any person that read your post and identified with your story. You, staying alive and sharing this would also do wonders for trasgenders who have trouble being accepted by their families or close ones. Depression causes us to feel helpless and unloved. Slowly finding ways to treat yourself will give you more reasons to keep going. There are transgender communities that you can also communicate with on the internet. Take care of yourself please.;weak
For me, it's beer, pills and sex. It's normally short term for me, but I've found myself in a years long rut right now.;no
Just tell them straight up. I'm sure they will understand.;no
Ahhh the two most expensive ways of self medication. Effective, but not easy on the wallet, or your body. If it's working for you then fly at it but something's telling me that it isn't, not entirely anyways. smoke less and drink less. Replace booze with weed entirely but don't smoke it, eat edibles. Dr. Greenthumb recommends that a brownie a day keeps the depression at bay. Also, if the leafs make the playoffs I'll jump in a lake.;no
Hi, I just relapsed too. You're so much stronger than you think--I haven't been able to beat a month since November but maybe I will now that I'm back to seeing a therapist again. Have you considered seeing someone to talk about this?;weak
It gets better.... hang in;weak
I'm sorry. I hope you get a good day soon.;strong
so sorry hurting so much. here.;strong
I could understand how awkward IBD might make certain social situations, and I'm sorry you're having to deal with it. Middle to high school are the developmental years, and having to deal with abdominal pains/bathroom runs every single day in that time period is frustrating I'm sure. With that said, there is just so much to look forward to. While your issues might fall onto deaf ears for people your age, IBD isn't going to be something that's going to prohibit you from living and leading a normal life. Special arrangements can be made for college/work(especially if you're working in a technical field, you might enjoy a mix of online classes) and you're going to find that people are generally more empathetic as you grow older. Hang in there man. I can't possibly know you and what *else* you're going through just with a single throwaway post, but I'd encourage you to talk with your family if you're feeling serious suicidal thoughts. It sounds like they love you and would try to support you :) Take care;weak
Wait, you got fired due your depression? Where are you from? Isn't depression classified as a medical condition like any other? Aren't you protected by law against such action? Sorry to read about your situation. And sorry for all the questions. Guilty of being a lawyer :/;strong
Well now people want photographic evidence :[ You probably look fine though;weak
I'm sorry you're feeling so blue today. I want to wish you a happy birthday and send some massively big hugs to you.;strong
Sorry to hear. I hope you find something grounding that will help you feel alive again.;strong
Yes, I sometimes have that type of pain. Ibuprofen definitely doesn't help. I don't know of anything that does.;no
I went in 2015. It saved my life. It was one of the best experiences I had to get better. I help it works out for you. I was facing hell back then. The only thing I didn't like was the therapists and people running the program always reminded us we had mental illness and mentioned mental illness constantly. It was fucked up. Other than that it helped a lot.;no
If you need someone to talk to, you can always pm me;weak
Hey, sorry that you had to deal with that. Those dreams that you discern from reality are the worst... is this something that you frequently deal with?;strong
sorry. one of the shittiest feelings.;weak
Sorry. I feel the same way. There's absolutely nothing in this life I want. It is kind of driving me crazy though because I don't know what to literally, actually do.;strong
I remember when I was in a deep stage of depression I always begged my mother to let me stay home. Even when she drove me to school, I would catch a bus to the shops and ditch school. (Never got caught hehe) Anyway, I just felt so.. bored of school and so sick of all the shit that went down there. Instead, I decided to live my life, have fun, sleep, ditch school or do whatever and just live the life as I wanted to. If you cant find motivation in one thing, than find motivation in another. After all we're all gonna die one day, live your life as you want.;weak
Hellow, is bad to hear that you're doing bad, I feel kinda the same, don't kill yourself, you're going to die anyway, so try and enjoy as much as you can. I hate how my life is right now, I feel empty and bored with everything/everyone, but.. **I love being alive**, you know, even tho existence itself has no meaning, we can just try and take the best out of it as long as we can.;weak
Sorry to hear that. Are you struggling with anything specific or life in general?;strong
I love you all. Genuinely the replies here made me feel much less alone. your kindness is beautiful;strong
That's hard. Especially if you're the type of person to post in this sub. Loving yourself is really difficult. But loving others is easier. And I do love you. When you love others, I find, its easier to love yourself. Even just saying the words and seeing it echoed back makes me feel good. I hope I helped.;strong
Yeah, it feels calming to know that we're never truly alone, because we have each other. At least that is what I think.;no
I have been at a similar point to you where I had suicidal ideations on a daily basis and to be honest, even when aspects in my life have improved, I still struggle with it frequently. I have done many things in life I regret and feel like I've fucked up a lot of situations, relationships and opportunities in both my personal and professional life. It took me a long time to understand that I can't go back in time and fix anything. It is fucking terrifying to feel like you've messed your life up but please trust me when I say that it's ok to fuck up. You are human. We all are. I have found that being alone with my thoughts was a big factor in triggering urges to harm myself or get stuck in my thought loops about how useless or worthless I am. If you have someone you trust to talk to, please dont be afraid to rant or reach out to them. My inbox is always open too if you need a stranger to listen. You're not alone in this.;weak
with you. For me it matter what it is.. just as long as it stops the thoughts.;weak
been taking a depression nap all day, even left my bed.;no
Good morning bro, im happy that you woke up and read this comment! I hope you have a great day today!;strong
I just want to feel happy again. been treated like dirt by my father lately, he calls me an attention seeking snowflake. He believe in me, I begged him for mercy, but he only told me to shut up and let me cry for 2 hours straight all alone.;no
Sorry. I feel the same way. There's absolutely nothing in this life I want. It is kind of driving me crazy though because I don't know what to literally, actually do.;strong
It depends what kind of things you usually enjoy doing, watching a of something you can really grip to is a option that can help. I hope you can start to feel better soon, even though sometimes it feels like you have no one, there are people out there who if they knew you were hurting would support you. why is great (:;weak
I sometimes have thoughts like that, but I would never kill myself. P.S. Just a tip, be careful about writing such stuff on the internet. Lots of asshole white knights out there that will call the cops on you to protect you from yourself, even if you aren't actually suicidal. If you think your life is bad, imagine your life on forced medication and in psychiatry with lots of assholes telling you what to do all day and treating you like a child. Don't trust people on the internet.;no
Sorry this is over a month old but I do hope you are feeling better. The thing about bottom is, there is only one other place to go. Talking things out with someone often puts things into perspective but even the act of just getting things off your chest usually helps. Let me know if you want to chat, I will listen.;strong
Are there any grounding exercises you've found more successful than others? I experience this at least once a week and it always leaves me feeling so uncomfortable with myself. I can't afford therapy and/or medications in my current situation, so I'm trying to deal with it in other ways.;no
Do it. You'd break her heart more if you actually go through with it.;no
I struggle to find one at times honestly. But I just keep putting one foot in front of the other kinda hopin that one day I will wake up and it will all be alright. However, each day that passes that hope that everything will be alright dims just a little bit more.;no
legend says if you add anime subtitles, its going to translate the abyss' love for you.;no
Find the root of that problem. Its this problem caused by an event? It has to do something with yourself/your character? You can at least describe it... Why wouldn't you deserve to exist?;no
If you want to vent to me my PMs are open. I'm also feeling absolutely awful currently. Sorry to hear that you're going through tough times OP.;strong
You're probably not weak or crazy just sleepy;no
hey, do you need someone to talk to?;weak
My parents were the type who didn't believe in mental illness, it was just me being lazy and antisocial. Until I left home for college, I never thought I had mental problems, I just thought I was just a shitty person who couldn't do anything. At least to me, recognizing the illness and accepting that something is wrong was the beginning of recovery and bettering myself.;no
Sorry to hear that man. What are you studying? Do you feel like the material you are studying is hard, or is the volume of the work too much?;strong
Yes. I find maintaining friendships is so exhausting, and I can barely manage the other stuff in my life as is. I know that when I disappear for a bit because it's all too much, no one will be there when I come back. I also feel like I don't really have much in common with the people I talk to. They're all so motivated and seem to maintain social lives so effortlessly. They talk about their weekends at clubs and hanging out and I think of how I spent my weekend playing video games for 10 hours instead of doing papers and it makes me feel completely isolated.;no
Sorry to hear you have been going through a rough time. Emotions can be hard to control and anger can be an easy out. It lets you feel powerful, in control of things. In therapy they teach you to sit-down often and sort through your emotions. What emotion are you experiencing right now? How do you identify it? What caused you to feel like this? What steps can you make to prevent this feeling? Try to walk yourself through some of these exercises. They might help you better understand your emotions so that you can control them in the future.;strong
I know how you feel. Everything went to shit for me too.;weak
I'm really sorry you're feeling this way. A person can be cared for by dozens and still feel alone, depression is a monster. I hope you're able to make progress against it in your own way, or by talking to people you trust, living the life you want to live, or by obtaining professional help. Please send me a message if you would like to talk to someone privately.;strong
I know it, I always tell my brain to shut the fuck up before sleeI know it, I always tell my brain to shut the fuck up before sleep;no
I'm sorry. You have no one to talk to?;strong
Test mean literllery nothing. in like 3 years you proballey wont even remember that test;weak
What would you do all day at home?;no
When you're in the darkest part of a depressive hole it feels like you finally see the truth - that the problem is you and you're stuck with it. But it does come in cycles. I like to start small, take control of whatever I can. Control is empowering. It could be a simple as just playing the shit out of a stupid flash game, or clearing out all the spam in your email, or reorganising your room. Just find something to keep yourself moving. Writing can help too, just lay it all out there. Seeing your words outside your head can help break the downward spiral of thinking. If it's worse now then that means was better, and it will be eventually. Think of someone you can talk to, who knows you well, and just hit them up and say hi. Maybe a text, maybe an email, just remind yourself that you are not alone. It's a shitty battle but stick it out if you can. If you have a therapist try reaching out to one, and if you don't then see if you can get a friend or a parent to help you find one. There's nothing magic about professional help, but it does work sometimes and that's reason enough to get the process rolling if you feel like you can. Send me PM if you want to vent more or anything, you're not alone and you can survive this;weak
"it *probably* depends on the state (edit: what state in the US). being 14, you are going to be tethered to your parent/guardian legally. the therapist/counselor/psychologist will be legally required to tell your guardians of anything that serves of specific risk. for example, i told my therapist that i was suicidal and he had to contact my mother and explain the basics of the situation. for self harm, im not sure exactly how/if the information would be disclosed by the therapist/counselor/psychologist to your parents.. but im assuming if you are physically hurting yourself to a GREAT EXTENT then yes, it would most likely be disclosed. im 18 now, and started seeing my on-campus(university) therapist and psychiatrist at the beginning of the school year, where i was 17. it sucks not being in control of your life, but what can you do, you know? if getting to see a therapist is an issue, i would recommend asking to talk to your doctor/pediatrician in private (during a normal check-up) and say tht youve had symptoms of depression/anxiety and you'd like to have some help talking to your parent about getting help. if it's not an issue of talking to your parent/guardian, then what's the worry? if you cant see a doctor, a school counselor could help you have this conversation with your parent! or even a supportive teacher that you trust. i went through a very similar situation when i was younger, and very much regret not being more persistent about getting help when i needed it. it mght not go away, and with school only getting harder and more stressful as you age, it's *really hard* to deal with all this emotional baggage. everyone deserves to feel the best that they can. you dont want to suffer anymore and someday you wont! feel free to pm me, i'd be happy to be your pen-pal through all this &lt;3";weak
My girlfriends mom told her she was too privileged to be depressed. My mom has dealt with depression so she realised I was depressed as soon as It happened.;no
Hey there, feel free to pm me if you need to chat. No judgments from me, just ready to listen, so feel free to say anything you want or need. Please stay strong.;weak
Im so so sorry for your lose! *big big hugs*;strong
You are young and still have time to make something of yourself. The first step to feel better is to tell someone you trust. It can be a parent, grandparent or school counselor.;weak
I just want to meet someone. Fuck this. People aren't meant to be alone.;no
I'm sorry man. I wish I could take the pain away.;strong
Eat some edibles. I thought I melted into my couch. It was glorious;no
"I think people are meant to regularly bathe. Like we have probably been bathing while still hairy and grunting. I wasn't raised the best; one thing is that I was never taught to bathe regularly. It was normal to bathe once every 2-4 weeks growing up. Basically, I never had it ingrained into me, which led to being super hygienic to the point of irritation and skin problems during puberty, and complete abandonment of hygiene during my intense depressive periods. So during these periods I would go as long as I could possibly can without showering until it was literally affecting everything I did, usually 4-6 weeks. My dirtiness would get into my eyes, and they would burn like hell. I got more skin problems from the build up of dead skin: in grown hairs, dry scaly skin, acne, etc. My hair had issues too: unhealthy and wiry possibly from an unhealthy scalp and follicles and dandruff. My dick had some infection and itched like hell. I also looked like shit too and was never prepared for events that forced me to go outside which made everything worse (I would hide and wait out people who potentially could see or interact with me, for example). I also was dirty and made my surroundings just as dirty, and I smelled bad, but luckily I don't have volatile BO. *Anyways*, just saying that there are some serious consequences to poor hygiene that I wish someone told me about. Thanks mom.";no
I understand but I can't directly help you. I'd say find just one person you can talk to. Having depression AND anxiety is a double slam because (in my case) anxiety and depression are almost the same...it's hard to tell the difference. I'm older than dirt and could give you some advice, but I'll just say: try not to be alone and talk to someone that you can be honest with. Good luck.;weak
sometimes it helps if a end goal or purpose. Also a pretty rude comment. You guys should talk. Hope you feel better;weak
Or someone who gets anxious like everyone else, and doesn't have actual chronic anxiety.;no
"What's on your mind? &lt;3";no
Sorry to hear that man. What are you studying? Do you feel like the material you are studying is hard, or is the volume of the work too much?;strong
yes! so sorry that's happening to you, but it feels good to relate - I see a lot of posts about having great dreams. I have at least one bad dream almost every night - and the feeling *always* bleeds into my day, especially if it was confusing or made me question reality. I have dreams all the time about my little sisters getting hurt, and it makes me worry for them. just today I had some kind of sleep paralysis (I don't know if that's the right word, I looked it up but it didn't seem to fit) and honestly I'm scared to fall asleep tonight because I do not want it to happen again. it's happened several times and it terrifies me. you're not alone, friend.;strong
IT is a sector in boom right now. There are tons of jobs and its only growing. You will have no problem finding a job whatsoever, however i understand your worry is money. Even after you get a job, keep looking, and applying. The more experience you have the better. You can probably find jobs that pay higher and higher. Idk how far youre in right now through your course, but if it's not too late, try taking some security courses as well. While IT is in a boom, having security courses on your resume would almost guarantee that you will always have a job. Literally every company needs help with security, and they're will to pay lots of money to find it. Everything will be fine.;weak
You are not alone in any of that and my heart goes out to you and I think its important to seek professional help for these types of feelings, im sorry i couldn't help more and hope you get better;strong
If I had a time machine I would go back and invest in Bitcoin I would also like to go back in time and have Hitler accepted into art school instead of rejected Every one always says kill Hitler That's great and all but I'm trying to be creative lol;no
How long have you been waiting;no
I know, we all hope for that but at the same time we all hope for better days. Maybe they're coming maybe not. But please don't do anything permanent. If you ever want to talk i'm here almost all the time.;weak
Yes. Because when you take them and then suddenly stop it can be dangerous. So take them but if you do end up stopping- do it gradually so you dont go through horrible withdrawal feelings;no
Truer words have never been written;weak
getting an interview is hardest part and you achieved that! good luck!;weak
You aren't too much they are just assholes for leaving you. its horrible for them to just leave you when you are struggling because they don't feel like being supportive. You will find friends who care. Sometimes friends come out and tell you that you can talk to them about anything you just need to find the right people.;weak
i just wish there was something we all could do..;weak
Sorry to hear that. Hopefully it goes by quick.;strong
I'm sorry that you feel this way, and if it means anything I hope you wake up tomorrow and things look up a bit;strong
Im so so sorry for your lose! *big big hugs*;strong
Hey its okay man. Life sucks dick, just keep pushing through.;weak
I feel yah. I was a mistake too. Just know that you're not alone, and that being a mistake doesn't mean you're worth less than anyone else.;weak
Please don't. Its just not right choice make. There is always something that can be done other than that.;strong
Happy Birthday. I'm sorry your birthday is going less well than you hoped. I had kind of a rough start in high school too so I know how you feel better than most. I'm open to talk whenever you like.;strong
I know the feeling. I'm just so tired. I don't want to play this game anymore;weak
Sorry to hear that, feel free to PM if you want to.;strong
I dreamt that too. When I started to die, everything started slowly fading and falling away. The more dead I became, the more I woke up. It was like I was aware that I was in a deep dreamless sleep when I was dead. Then I was awake in shock. More surprising than scary. Life is like a dream now.;no
Depends on what you want to do. Be rid of it? Or get better at handling it? Did it come out of nowhere? Or have you had it for a while?;no
It may suck in hindsight. But her hair will grow back and you'll have a story to tell. It happens. You have to look at kids as things of wonder. They learn the hard way. They always will. Just be happy that they're alive to make those mistakes. Love them when they make mistakes. You're their to protect them;weak
"Trust me, don't do it. I have a scar on my left arm where I cut really deep and it gives me anxiety from people seeing it and depresses my mood looking at it. Doesn't help that I'm in fucking GCSEs either, but anyway I'm rambling. I know you wanna see blood; that's how I was too. But just don't, for me.";weak
Sorry to hear you have been going through a rough time. Emotions can be hard to control and anger can be an easy out. It lets you feel powerful, in control of things. In therapy they teach you to sit-down often and sort through your emotions. What emotion are you experiencing right now? How do you identify it? What caused you to feel like this? What steps can you make to prevent this feeling? Try to walk yourself through some of these exercises. They might help you better understand your emotions so that you can control them in the future.;strong
You get used to pain You deshumanize yourself and others You feel emotionally detached from others You learn how to handle pain with out showing it You disociate yourself from reality Etc All this combined make cry harder;no
sorry you feel this way. I do too. It provides a release.;strong
This could've been written by me, are you my doppelganger? The icing on the cake is having no girlfriend for me. Knowing that you're ugly to the gender you love so much is so depressing and discouraging while you've spend years on the subject on how to improve, to behave, studying statistics, seeking out more information. All for nothing... My life is pointless without women I don't see a reason to live my life single and alone and won't allow it to continue for much longer.;no
Think of all that endured up to this point, all the bad days that beaten and made it through. THAT is courage. This is just another one of those. If feeling like things get any worse, it means that they can only get better. Give yourself a chance to make it kill yourself. going to die one day. In fact, one and only guarantee. one person, a stranger to you... but a stranger that cares. not alone. You can do this. How do I know that? Because here, right now, doing it. Keep going.;weak
*hugs* Try and take care of yourself. I know it seems hopeless and like your trapped but don't let this fucker get the best of you;strong
I'm sorry you are feeling this way. We are here for you.;strong
I know what you mean, I've put off going to the doctors for about a year so far partly because of this... I think it's healthier to contextualise it like this: Is my emotional state effecting my quality of life? Do I constantly put myself down and have low confidence? Comparing yourself to others is a race to the bottom, somebody is always 'worse' off in your eyes because you dont value yourself as much as you do other people, your mind down plays your own successes and overplays others. The hard bit is convincing yourself that is the case, fuck even I'm not convinced and I have some self awareness of why I feel the way I do, it's hard man. Your feelings are real and you dont need to prove otherwise to anybody but yourself.;weak
I do it because it gets me tired. It also kind of makes me forget about it for a while. It wears me down.;no
sorry to hear. :( is this an ongoing thing or does it come in phases? how does being high help?;strong
Wow great fucking advice. I no longer have to be sad or anything. You know cured. going to go dance on rainbows!;strong
Sorry to hear you have felt this way for so long. Some more background would be helpful. Were you ever bullied? Do you have a circle of friends?;strong
It's not a good day to be in a shitty relationship either. Or even, in a solid relationship you've had for years. Sitting there forcing the love that is long gone trying to feel something you no longer have. Maybe tied down by your children forced into a life you never thought you wanted. Point being the grass is always greener on the other side my friend. But there is suffering and there is happiness everywhere. Who knows what you will get? Maybe what you do have isn't so bad after all.;weak
with you. For me it matter what it is.. just as long as it stops the thoughts.;weak
Sorry man, PC masterrace here. Hope you'll spruce up your friend list nicely.;strong
As someone who's felt the same, what do you have? And I'm speaking objectively, because I typically don't want to admit that I have what I need when I feel as you do. Not that I'm saying that you do have a lot, but your post doesn't necessarily shed a lot of light on what's going on. It's easy, or it has been for me, at least, to say that I don't know what to live for, in the past. Somebody out there cares, man/woman, small or large. I don't know what your situation is, by your post, but feel free to message me if you want.;weak
I'm in a somewhat similar position. I love my bf more than anything.. but my family issues and a big issue with a dog of mine is causing him to be depressed and not enjoy his life the way he should be... he tells me this... I solved the family issue.. but the only way to solve to dog issue involves me putting him down.. and I cant do it.. I just cant. I'm starting to think my only other option is just to leave him so he can fully enjoy his life the way he deserves to... n the thought of not being with him makes me want to die... Its devastating.... I know what you're going through... I'm bouncing between anxiety and depression... I guess I should just leave though...;no
That's feels right there.. you sound like a sick and tired of being sick and tired situation.. You try any of the A's? In same place as you, totally understand. Not into the A's, but helps some people...;no
sorry to hear. :( is this an ongoing thing or does it come in phases? how does being high help?;strong
I've always wanted to be a pelican;no
Ask your school counselor what resources they can give you. Just go into the office, ask for the counselor, and see what they've got.;no
Lay down with your neck on the tracks. Maybe a tarp over your body so they're less likely to notice?;no
"Dude, you can't say that. If there's really really one who's gonna miss you, think about your parents and family. I get this idea from time to time, but just when I think my mom &amp; dad, it actually make me feel better. Stay positive buddy. Good luck :)";weak
If you were here I would hug you right now.;strong
I had some major shit go on 2 years ago, mother with a brain tumor, my aunt was selling the place, needed to move, I couldn't function enough to clear her place out and find a place to live. I ended up packing up what I could fit in my car along with my dog and went camping for 3 months. I needed that.;no
Yeah man you want to sleep and not wake up right?;no
Yeah, this feeling is a strong one. Felt it consistently for a lot of my childhood and early adulthood. The truth is that I never dealt with it constructively, or at least in a way that could help me get to the root of that feeling. Part of the reason I think you and I are on this in the first place is because we were never taught how to deal with that feeling constructively. In my case, I used constant denial and self-numbing ... At some point, I just assumed the pit was a part of me I could choose to ignore. You seem to be actively trying to experience it. You are engaging your sadness, which is objectively good for working through depression. It may not be what you might call 'conventional' but everyone does their thing a little differently :) If what you are doing no longer works for you though, it might be best to start looking for other (healthy) ways of working through that discomfort. Personally, when I feel that pit, I know what thoughts tend to follow it. Fortunately, my therapists (and my stay at hospital) helped me come up with ways to attack that pit when it hit me hard. In order to redirect those thoughts that create it, I try to reach out to anyone in my support net. It's hard because I feel like they won't give a shit, but most of the time, they do (but I often choose to ignore that reality). Or I will simply write some positive words here, on this. Reaching out to others here in positive ways is not just for others, but for my own sake as well. As you put so well, giving that pit a 'purpose'. But don't cover that feeling up. Continue to engage with it, as best as you can. It's there for a reason. Hopefully, the more you work with it, the easier it is to process and let go.;weak
I feel the same way. unnerving to live in a world with so many talented people who do meaningful work and are achieving so much whereas I can do nothing but watch;weak
sorry man. If people judge you for it then FUCK THEM;strong
Acceptance. I've been dealing with it for quite a while now. It's really easier said than done, but after realizing you cannot change objective reality, it gets easier. I find comfort in the fact we truly know nothing. Meaning, perhaps there is more to our observable reality than we can sense. I doubt this however. At least we have been dead before, and it's not something entirely too new.;no
What does that mean in practice? Are you one of those persons who got tired of being used so now you use others?;no
I can lend a ear if she'd like...;weak
You've not made his life worse, you've shown him that you are there and most of all you care. Sometimes people need that reminder. Just continue to comfort him and know you've done everything you can to help.;weak
I understand but I can't directly help you. I'd say find just one person you can talk to. Having depression AND anxiety is a double slam because (in my case) anxiety and depression are almost the same...it's hard to tell the difference. I'm older than dirt and could give you some advice, but I'll just say: try not to be alone and talk to someone that you can be honest with. Good luck.;weak
Right or wrong, we must choose. If we choose not to decide, then we still have made a choice. I say you should go for it. No matter how harsh the road we're on, we'll reach the end of we keep moving forward. However, It's not necessary for us to try and brave the conditions alone. I wish you the best.;weak
Please don't. Its just not right choice make. There is always something that can be done other than that.;strong
I hope you r ready to be happy and move on from this phase;weak
Why did you decide on that? I'm sure you're an incredible person, please don't kill yourself, have you talked to anyone about this?;weak
I'm so happy for you! This is definitely a good sign.;strong
I'm so sorry, grah88. I hope your grief doesn't overwhelm you. You can get through this and I'm rooting for you.;strong
Well fair enough. I'm sorry there isn't anything I can say to help :/;strong
When I felt this way, I came to the conclusion that I didn't know who I was without these feelings. I didn't know what I liked anymore, would I be empty without this sadness? That sort of thought process, it was a lot of fear that drove me away from help. It's natural to be afraid of things changing. But when you feel ready to, these changes are for the better.;weak
I'm sorry for your pain. Wanna talk?;strong
Why? Do you want to talk about it? Whats made you feel like wanting to?;weak
Your foundation needs to fall down before you can start rebuilding. Have you started the plans the blueprint? List everything on a paper or make a note in your head what you need to do to make things better. I'm still rebuilding right now. But I don't have this dark ugly building that overshadowed me. Now I can start thinking what the fuck I need to do in order for my new building to be beautiful the way I want it. It'll take time but it's all worth it. Allow yourself to rebuild.;no
Know the feeling. My friends are married, they have kids, have homes of their own. Meanwhile, I'm still at home with my parents wondering what the fuck happened to my life at 31? But as others have said, Facebook is pretty much a crock of shit. I recently decided to out myself for being the manic depressive I am. Some people were kind about it, others pretended they gave a shit (more likely for the look how sympathetic I am play card.) Recently I've been pretty out with my highs and lows. My highs get a lot of love but as soon as I show my lows, I notice a massive difference in support. It's almost like they go out of their way to avoid the lows and reality of it. So yeah, Facebook is pretty much a crock of shit and it really does expose to you who people really are.;weak
You are not alone in any of that and my heart goes out to you and I think its important to seek professional help for these types of feelings, im sorry i couldn't help more and hope you get better;strong
Yep, I was actually feeling pretty good about myself this morning, but now a total 180 and I think a disgusting freak never going to find love... I hate myself;no
Hi Talk2muchaa, Lik onus111 suggested, 'feeling like doing something' just does not happen. If you're deeply unhappy with a lack of activity in your life, you just need to force yourself to do it - That's the sad reality of it. HOWEVER, that doesn't mean that there aren't ways to make FORCING yourself 'easier' on your mind and less stressful. If you want to build a house consisting of a 1000 bricks, take 30 seconds a day to lay 3 bricks and in one year, you will have a house. You can't punish yourself for not building Rome in a day. You will go on Twitch and see streamers who are making millions... YouTubers who are making millions. I mean fuck, PewDiePie has 56 million subscribers. But that shit didn't happen in just one day. You need to break shit up into increments. Perhaps others don't have to do this. But it's the only way I've found to get anything done. If you want to learn a language, go on Duolingo. Set a '10 points per day' challenge. Yes, it's jack-shit in terms of work. It takes literally 2 minutes a day, BUT- it's something. Try and ignore your brain saying Increase the goal to 50 a day, we're getting fuck-all done because this will break your discipline and you'll go back to 0 a day. Consistently doing 10 a day for 11 days, is better than doing 50 a day for 2 days, burning out and stopping altogether. The key to beating depression-induced laziness is TINY, incremental steps. For example, I'm learning Calculus on Khan Academy. One. Lesson. A Day. That's right- the average Khan video is around 10 minutes. I do one video a day. I am slowly, but consistently learning. Each day I go over the notes from the previous day. The problem isn't volume- it's consistency.;no
Is it an alarm problem or a I don't want to go so I just go back to sleep because fuck it what's the point in going problem? Most campuses offer free counseling so if you're concerned that this is a personal issue I would check that out.;no
Good morning bro, im happy that you woke up and read this comment! I hope you have a great day today!;strong
I don't want to be here either after 25+ years of this bullshit. 4 suicide attempts later though I've realised that nonsense. I'm here if I like it or not and you are too. The reason we're both still here is because something is keeping us here. You may not know what the fuck that is yet, 'cause I sure as fuck didn't, but with time you really will. It may be to keep watch over delicate friends. It may be to provide entertainment by being a funny motherfucker, it might be there because you're a genius that doesn't know how to communicate with the rest of us idiots. My point is, you're clearly an intelligent person that struggles with emotional bombardment, and treat it like that. Suicide isn't as easy as people say. It takes real guts and my 4 times were a cry for help. I know people that have gone the full way so FFS find something in you that you do actually like, fuck what other people think, and press forward my friend. You've got it in you.;weak
I have very bad social anxiety. It's the reason why I'm depressed actually. Every single day, even a simple interaction with someone can make me feel sad. I worry about stupid shit like did I say bye to a friend the right way. Stuff like that and just being a severely shy person is making me feel I won't be able to get anywhere in life. I'm nearly 16, so it might not seem like something I need to worry about. But it seems everyone else around me has everything sorted out. All my friends have partners, a job and are pretty confident in themselves. But with me having none of those things, I feel like the only place my life is going is living with my parents until I spiral into a deeper depression and probably take my life.;no
Nothing will change until you change. still struggling every minute and every second with this too, so right there with you. Everything is shit, until you see it differently. Just imagine the YOU whose conquered this hell in your mind, what do you think he would tell you?;no
As that was your first ever boyfriend, I understand you missing him. If I ever get a first girlfriend, I would miss her too. However, this guy did terrible things to you. There are other guys out there who will love you and treat you with respect. Good luck;weak
Sometimes I envy those who are sad... I feel as though it's better than being a hollow emotionless being such as myself. I hope things get better for you, good luck :);weak
so sorry my friend. I hope found something or someone to help you fill a part of that void.;strong
It's hard for me to believe my family because of all the lies ans omissions they have made in the past. I just learned to be more gaurded and pessimistic.;no
I'm sorry you feel this way. Is there anything in particular that's bothering you?;strong
are you quiet or shy? that'll be why;no
Maybe you can find a room mate or something ? Idk what type of housing you live in (e.g. apt., house, renting, etc.) but that may help cut monthly expenses in some way too if that's something you're looking for. Maybe get a pet if your housing accommodations allow it. Pets really help with loneliness and depression sometimes. People can even actually get their pets registered as official emotional assistance animals. In some cases, they will be allowed to live in certain housing areas in which pets would otherwise not be allowed. Sometimes it's easy to focus on the negative of living alone. But there are tons of good things about it as well. You just gotta look towards those as well.;no
This. Doubly so the first part. Should be in bold letters on this sub.;no
Are you putting forth the sacrifice needed to change such? Have you identified if you would sooner live a lie, or live a truth? Ask a blunt person the truth. Life is inherently a horrible experience covered up by meaningless stimulations that give the illusion of better. A bandage on the mortal wound of monotony and uselessness. How many people have you met that make you feel better? How many things in your life bring you outside the feeling of depression? For me there is nothing. I am a dirty old man, white, with red hair and bad teeth. I am despised and loathed by ninety percent of the population. People actively move out of my vicinity as if my very being is a contagion they might contract. The people who don't actively run, are despicable lunatics, selfish and narcissistic beyond redemption. wOE! Woe is me!;no
I'm sorry. This is true for me as well. And they regularly remind me. I think we can get through it though. Actually, that's a lie. I hope you can get through it. I'm not going to be able too.....;strong
Sorry. I feel the same way. There's absolutely nothing in this life I want. It is kind of driving me crazy though because I don't know what to literally, actually do.;strong
Not really sure what you're asking. Had the same job for five years? Never taken a sick day? Just been consistently employed for 5 years? Or old enough to even have a five year work history?;no
so sorry hurting so much. here.;strong
Hi there. I'm not often online, and when online it's erratic and random, but I can give it a go if you want. Hugs, and hope things become better for you soon! :);strong
Yes, a know how the fuck you survived that but so fucking strong have an anxiety endured award;weak
Ditto. Been hyper depressed this past week. Having an absolute fuck of a time getting myself to do simple things. Like eat. Or get up. Life looks pretty bleak and it's all my fault. Doubt it gets better either, cause I'm the only one who can make it better and I suck. Hopefully tomorrow is a little better. FWIW you aren't alone.;weak
Why do you feel shittier after?;no
Ah I'm sorry :( Panic attack are awful but you certainly shouldn't feel embarrassed!;strong
Dear Anna_rampage. Thank you for your kind words. I'm just a regular lonely nobody, but it means the world for me to hear that. That someone really cares. Thank you so much =) It brighten my day.;strong
Something that you should try is walking. There is something so clarifying about it. It is great therapy (for me anyway). I recall all the times as a child walking with my father around the country roads just talking, or walking in solitude observing nature unfold around you. Don't even plan it. Just go and walk and walk. I let my mind wander outside of reality (into my fantasy world).;no
kinda how I feel. actually scared to die, but hard to live. What keeps me going is that one day just sleep forever and whenever that day comes it keeps me at peace. I gotta go now. My time will come and I have to stress or worry.;no
sorry to hear that, but been in a similar situation after taking some time off of school. My best advice is to take the minimum amount of classes possible so you get too overwhelmed. For me essential to plan my assignments in advance, so that I can just do things one by one and not let it all get piled up cuz then I wanna die. Also, if you need a break, take one. School will always be there but good to take care of yourself too :);strong
the thing about puppies is that they'll always love you no matter what, give her lots of attention and love while you can;weak
I'm sorry you're feeling so blue today. I want to wish you a happy birthday and send some massively big hugs to you.;strong
Look, I don't know you, hell I probably never will, and I'm not gonna pretend to know what wrong in your life, but I'm sure that there's someone out there who cares about you. I've never been at the point where you are now but I've had some hard times, there is a high probability that things will get better. I don't know you but I love you and I know that I can't be the only person who doesn't want you to do this;weak
Yeah bud, same boat. If I'm not working, I'm in bed. Just zoning out not moving. The struggle is real with no real answers;strong
I'm sorry. I've been in and out of a relationship for years now. She's loving and considerate and great in so many ways.. but there's no commitment. Actually the space between us has grown over the years. I guess part of it is that I'm a bit of a basket case and it can be emotionally taxing. I don't even want to put her through all of that for the rest of her life. But at the end of the day I just want to go home and share my life with her.. and she's not there. She's done so much for me but it makes me feel so unwanted that this is the end of the line. Like I'm just a burden and despite all the love she has to offer, I'm just too screwed up for it to work. I feel so lonely and so stupid for everything I've done to turn her away.;strong
Yeah, unfortunately the side effects from them can be really strong, especially if its your first time trying them, I lost a lot of sleep from stomach pains when I was first prescribed them. That said they side-effects should pass fairly quickly as your body adapts to the meds but if it is causing you a serious problem, talk to your doctor, they can often start you off on a smaller dosage and work their way up to a level that can help you.;no
Happy birthday. I hope you do something fun after work.;weak
I am. It's hard to be sober, because I don't feel like the fun joyful person I am when I'm drunk. When I'm not drunk I'm depressed and anxious and in pain and I hate it. And I'm sorry that you're feeling like this :( I'm here for ya;strong
It certainly doesn't hurt, given that you tell someone who is halfway decent. I find it to be a huge relief when I can talk to someone about it. It's like breathing fresh air after being in a sewer for a long time. Telling a the few close friends I have has actually strengthened our friendship as well.;no
DM me anytime, my dude.;weak
Definitely talk to your doctor if the lack of energy and motivation is interfering with your job, relationships, or quality of life. Even if it's not that serious it still might be worth seeing your doctor just to be sure that it's SAD. There are other conditions (hypothyroidism for example) that have symptoms similar to depression.;no
Only more recently. I went through a new and confusing situation and thinking about it now gets me angry because I can't change anything about it yet I still have the irrational feelings;no
Hey, sorry that you had to deal with that. Those dreams that you discern from reality are the worst... is this something that you frequently deal with?;strong
I am. It's hard to be sober, because I don't feel like the fun joyful person I am when I'm drunk. When I'm not drunk I'm depressed and anxious and in pain and I hate it. And I'm sorry that you're feeling like this :( I'm here for ya;strong
I am glad you aren't doing it, I am lucky myself in that I was equally lazy and depressed when I was at my worst, but by doing nothing you aren't making a terrible mistake. Thanks foring with us tonight.;weak
There is no extrinsic meaning to life. Life has the meaning you give it. If Life is Meh to you, that is what it will be. YOU are the determiner of value. No-one else can give it to you... and there is freedom in that.;no
What really gets me is I feel like no matter how good friends or how much someone loves you they use you something and if they using you for something they associating with you.;no
a sign of emotional strength and mental strength. Keep it up. on your team. :);weak
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
There are people in this world who are extremely petty and evil minded. They definitely exist, in large numbers unfortunately. :( Some people *don't* have anything better to do than to mock or ridicule another person.;no
I will. I'm a heroin addict and sick as hell. I'd like someone to talk to, too. PM me.;weak
*hug* I can't remember the last time someone apart from my mom hugged me either, I need a hug or a cuddle so bad, the lack of intimacy with anyone is killing me. I feel incredibly lonely and empty all the time. I don't know how long I can go on. Best of luck!;strong
That is what I thought myself at one point in my life but I was wrong. I took a trip with some friends to Malaysia and Thailand there was high and low points in the trip. The experience I felt was pure happiness and no joking the last time I felt this was when I was a child happy and alive. I noticed what is good and bad in my life, and realized the blessing that I did not notice. It gave me positive momentum even after the trip. Now I am trying to finish my studies and now started seriously training in thai boxing. Recently my psychologist told me that my depression is gone (I can feel the difference) and my anxiety and stress remains high. I made big progress and I am going to make more progress. Basically from my experiences go out and explore. First reflect on your strengths/potential, your interests and the world, then start thinking the necessary steps to live it, even the smallest thing. I sincerely wish you the best. And explain your current situation?;weak
so sorry that you are going through this as well. Is there anyone you might be able to talk with? I know waking up in the morning with thoughts of suicide can just ruin a day. Maybe if able you can try to do something fun or relaxing when you get home. I know it probably help right now but maybe it can help ease the thoughts for a bit. I wish I knew something that you could do while at work but I sorry. If you want to talk feel free to pm me. also at work with the same thoughts.;strong
I'm sorry man. I wish I could take the pain away.;strong
Its hard to describe it but here is my attempt: Its still a void but warmer. Instead of everything being dark its more grey and bright and warm. Your Heart is at rest and can relax a little. You start to enjoy little things again like the clouds or a funny tv show. Its a slow progress but shouldnt take two months. Talk to your doc. Mine said you know if it works within a month.;no
What's up buddy ? Want to talk ?;weak
Not really they are trained to spot people who are just trying to get drugs for whatever reason. It's harder than you might imagine. But there are a few who see our point of view, you might get lucky but doubt it.;no
Hey, sorry that you had to deal with that. Those dreams that you discern from reality are the worst... is this something that you frequently deal with?;strong
Hey. I understand what you are feeling, and I am so sorry you are experiencing this. :( really such a hopeless feeling. Please feel free to PM me if you would like to talk. About anything.;strong
I'll hear you out if you want, I feel lost too.;weak
I completely understand what you mean. Every day is a fight. Just getting through. Waiting for... something. Nothing. I get it. Luckily, I only feel like this part of the time. Good luck, friend. Keep putting one foot in front of the other and pushing through. Maybe some day, whatever we're waiting for and trying to get to will actually happen and it won't be a struggle anymore.;weak
Sorry this is over a month old but I do hope you are feeling better. The thing about bottom is, there is only one other place to go. Talking things out with someone often puts things into perspective but even the act of just getting things off your chest usually helps. Let me know if you want to chat, I will listen.;strong
I feel you. If you ever want to talk, I'm here;weak
I'm so sorry you feel that way. Would you like to elaborate? I'm here if you need to chat;strong
"You writing this &amp; still being here I think that's a good sign,I think it means that deep down there's still hope that things will get better &amp; you'll start feeling happier &amp; less lonely, hold on to that feeling &amp; if you ever feel like talking feel free to message me.";weak
Im so so sorry for your lose! *big big hugs*;strong
Yes. Many, many times that has happened to me. Anyone in your life who can come over and help you clean your room? Maybe then you'll have some more energy to put toward bigger things.;no
...not sure I see the problem as long as its consensual? But if it's something you want to change, sure, I can try to help. What do you feel like you get out of it? How does sexting make you feel better?;weak
The most painless way is to keep living. Nothing is more painful than a beautiful life taken from us. Please please please let someone help you tell the people you care about, give them a chance to help or you will rip a void through their hearts. I don't know what your going through but I know you don't wish this pain upon anyone especially those you love. If I could carry this for you I would and my heart is already breaking just thinking about how you might feel. Don't do it.;weak
It's typical for depressive thoughts to either revolve around poverty our around guilt;no
I read it. Oh my God me too. I'm so pessimistic I always shoot down my own happiness just by having my brain think. And whenever I am positive I want to vomit. SIGH frickin life;strong
ex for a reason, right? I know hard to not dwell on what lost but imagine what you could gain without them. Your life is yours, not your let them rule it.;weak
I think once out of this, look back thinking I could never be happy? And enjoy those times when they last.;no
You aren't alone here. What's going on?;weak
There are many services that local and state governments provide to help people such as yourself find work. The cool thing is they are totally free and they can provide a support system and will work with you to find a job that works for you! I would suggest looking online for these services and sending your information to them. Stay strong and I love you!!;strong
Back at my old job, I used sick leave.;no
Great Work!!! Wanted to tell you I too am proud of you. I saw someone as well after a last year. I am very proud of you and ever think there is anything wrong with seeing someone!;strong
Ahw im so sorry for you, what happened to your dog if i may ask?;strong
What are you getting into?;no
i feel you m8.. been clinically depressed for like 4 years now, it sound long but it feels like been forever. depression be cured. it can be treated. there are so many neurotypicals that try to tell me i will get better, but thats the only way they know how to comfort people i guess.;weak
I'm so sorry to hear that. I know there's not much I can really say to help. I hope they are happy wherever they are. Were you close? I hope you are handling the passing okay.;strong
I know. I sadly do not have a good answer. as clueless as you are.;weak
I bought my self kfc, no one is doing anything, or i should say i was invited to nothing. Im sorry to hear that im sure she loves you or why else would you still be living with her. if you just went over to visit im unsure why youd put your self threw that.;strong
I think that's the fucked up thing, it lies so much we think the happy stuff is also lies. I mean I also feel like being happy is bullshit and nearly impossible, but hey who knows maybe that's the depression talking again;no
god damn i honestly feel the exact same as you in every aspect. sometimes i also just sit back and think about how none of this feels real, then the suicidal thoughts come on because i feel like there has to be more, then more sad, more depersonalized, and its just a vicious cycle. nothing matters, but we should at least live to the fullest, because in relative terms it matters. no idea how to do that though;weak
That's an accomplishment for most of the population to be honest. You had a productive day, be proud of yourself.;weak
Wow, if you need to talk about it, you can DM me.;weak
I am sorry feeling this way, I have been where you are and I know how much it sucks. Please give up!;strong
Same, we're all here for you, take a deep breath and talk to us!;weak
I'm very sorry that happened to you - I know the pain of loving someone and not having them love you back - How long have you back feeling depressed for?;strong
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
Me too. I pray every night that I die. But yet, here I am...;no
Is it the feeling or the visual that eases you?;no
I'm sorry your situation at home is so difficult. Do you have anyone in your life whom you trust enough to talk to about how you're feeling?;strong
Go for a walk or run. Get tired so your body feels like shit. Then your mind will focus on that shit feeling instead of making them up. It works for me;no
Happy birthday my dude. definitely get better, I promise.;weak
I'm right with you, for years. I bought a VR headset because I needed to use vacation from work. I only put it on for 10 min in 7 days off. I just slept and watched the odd video. I wish I had the energy to feel what I used to from games. It was my only real escape.;weak
normal is an illusion, and nobody's life is as good as they say it is on facebook. escapism is fine, if it keeps you going.;no
Sorry to hear that. Hopefully it goes by quick.;strong
What sorts of things do you do to get yourself out there? Do you have any fun hobbies or anything? :);no
I'm sorry to hear that. If you are able to you could channel that sadness into a drawing or poem or something like that. It might help a little.;strong
Fucking true. Made some bad decisions including a drunk driving stint last weekend and now I'm trying to deal with the consequences. Feel like I'm being punished for being self destructive.;no
You aren't a bother. :);weak
We're 2 in this nightmare. I'm basically living in my head all the time, questioning whatever happens around me and feeling empty af. I'm also afraid of every situation I have to face that I'm not controlling. I feel so drained.;no
Quote I've always hung hard into everything will be ok in the end, if it's not okay, it's not the end I understand that is a very hard thing to believe. I went out of it over two and a half years, and I hadn't ever known about these kinds of things until I was 19. Just trying to say it can be done man. Love you;strong
I'm so sorry, I understand your loss. My grandma just passed away on 05/26. It's hard to accept that we will never spend time with them again and that everything we have now is just our memories. I know it seems cliche, but it really does get better with time.;strong
Good morning bro, im happy that you woke up and read this comment! I hope you have a great day today!;strong
Happy Birthday. I'm sorry your birthday is going less well than you hoped. I had kind of a rough start in high school too so I know how you feel better than most. I'm open to talk whenever you like.;strong
I would hold the shit out of you;weak
That's the million dollar question. But I'm only fighting my problems because I'm scared that if I die I would hurt people;no
I'm very proud of you too! Remember the great feeling of success you have right now it will help you next time you have the urge.;strong
everyone has problems, big or small, Whatever it is, its still a problem. Yes there is a certain degree of separation but dont think for a second because someone else is suffering more than you, That you have no right to express yourself. So what's the matter? do you want to talk about it? Were here for you :) Don't feel shy or embarrassed. Just remember one thing, If you allow this problem or problems to dwell for a long time, It will become worse.;weak
**hugs if you want them**;strong
I just tell myself it will pay off in the future and thus far that has helped. I have had 2 shitty jobs in the past and every day I just told myself to suck it up and one day I will have a job I love. I, like you, had trouble finding replacement jobs, hell I never even heard back 90% of the time. I gave up for a while then one night I was so pissed at my job I went on Craigslist, searched one more time for the job I wanted, applied to a company and got the job and it has been the best job I have ever had. Hope that helps;no
Does it hurt more than cutting?;no
People who give that advice probably have those things working for them, but they don't realize that none of it helps depression. Being outdoors just makes me feel lonely as hell and without companionship. And if you're depressed, a hobby can't help you out either because if you have no drive to do anything, a hobby cannot satiate what you're truly desiring. Just try going after what you truly desire, and chip away at it.;no
Yes. At the weekend I try to do everything I need to do when I wake up as always get depressed in the evenings;no
I feel the same. I know they (the pills) made to make you happy, but doing therapy once or twice a week, taking two kinds of meds and still feel like I would be totally happy staying in my room alone for forever. I know why I should even try. I also feel weird asking for more meds, but I think I have to.;no
You're out there and improving yourself. You have the drive to get things done. Congrats and good luck;weak
This world is not for everyone. Certainly not for me;no
Great way of putting it. Life is just so exhausting. I can't leave the house without caffeine, I have no interests, I just feel like an empty battery. Hopefully one day you can find both strength and endurance.;weak
I can't make any promises :P But I'm up so I'll try to help. What's up?;weak
Happy birthday. And crying is always okay. :);weak
I mostly just try to keep myself busy with the things I enjoy. Digital drawing, writing, browsing, and watching my favorite shows. I've started doing these in school too just to distract myself from the crippling loneliness every day. I just started 10th grade so I'll have to relearn how to keep my grades up when crying and hating myself are on my mind 24/7...just know you're not alone in this. We'll get through it, somehow.;weak
Lots of cannabis, which I can't even use much anymore since I lost my job;no
I could agree with that in a sense.;weak
I'm sorry that you're also in this position. I'm honestly just waiting for my parents to die so I can kill myself.;strong
You're a good man, Median. I hope you know this. I hope that you have people around you that will tell your story for centuries, and that you live on as a hero in the minds of newer generations. But, I'd rather you live, personally.;weak
That's great OP, the first step in overcoming the depression and the shitty feelings is being ready to ask for help. Talking can be very helpful and sometimes it feels good to let your feelings out. How are you doing today?;weak
Every day. Depression dulls your physical emotions. On the inside I may be screaming and balling my eyes out, but I physically let it out when I try. The only times I cry are when I have an extremely deep thought that hits me hard and ball out of nowhere for literally 5 seconds before I pull myself together. Another 5 seconds later like nothing even happened...;no
Lol that's an idea that lilterally comes up every time i take a breath ....;no
It's true we live in a society where crying in public or hugging strangers are frowned upon. We've gone very far into the illusions of separation and it's going to take some time to break through these, but it's going to happen I have no doubt anymore! I'm sending you love and hugs through the wire even if it's only designed for 0 and 1, feel it!;strong
Happy Birthday. I'm sorry your birthday is going less well than you hoped. I had kind of a rough start in high school too so I know how you feel better than most. I'm open to talk whenever you like.;strong
This hit me. I hope that I stay with my so and be able to say this to them everyday;weak
I got really negative and lazy about life. I wasn't motivated to go to school and do my exams and I would stay up most nights with insomnia. I always assumed I was lazy, but I went into job seeking being optimistic and that quickly drove me to an attempted suicide - that's about when I realised. For most people, it's an overwhelming experience of emotions and negative thoughts about themselves, but depression comes in very different shapes and sizes.;no
I'm not afraid to enjoy things - but - I'm afraid to stress myself by having expectations of great times or great results from things I plan. I try not to expect anything at all - because if I'm disappointed it could drop me waaaaaaay down.;no
sorry man. If people judge you for it then FUCK THEM;strong
Wish and hope work sorry sorry just brutal done everything you have to try again. Fail forward they say. Yes it sucks I know.....;no
You're not evaluating yourself or being overly critical of your personality. There's no feelings of anxiety or any bipolar fluctuations of emotions. In fact, zero emotion. Just peaceful, not happy, not sad. No neurotic thinking or urgency to evaluate every thought going through the mind. Basically, you don't take yourself or life so personally or too seriously. You feel light, not heavy. You have expectations and desires in life, but you don't overly invest your mind and emotion in them. You're just...Cool, even keeled.;no
Not sure if this is much help... but someone once told me, If you keep dancing with the devil, you'll still feel like you're in Hell. Good luck friend.;weak
I drink a cup a day on Prozac and I don't think I have any issues. It's more alcohol and marijuana that may have bad effects on an anti depressant.;no
I'm sorry to hear how you're feeling right now, and although everything you do at the moment may feel pointless, there will come a time when your purpose will become apparent, and everything will hopefully make sense. All I can really say right now is to strive on, do the things that make you happy and cherish the people that make you feel loved. I wish you a wonderful future OP, and hope that one day everything will be better.;strong
Why do you feel like that? There's no shame in taking something that will improve your quality of life.;weak
Depression is a disorder that you ask for;no
Made a throwaway a few weeks ago to post something similar to this. But yes, absolutely. The past two years my depression has gotten worse, and so has my credit card debt. I feel like ive dug myself a hole that I can't get out of because of it. Most of what I bought was food too, so I cant even return any of it haha.;no
You did something i never would have the balls to do There have been so many situations where i just wanted to get up and leave, but i never did because i didnt want to deal with the concequences;weak
Any pet will really help. Just something to keep your mind off being depressed and keep you a little busy, it really helped me getting a cat!;no
If you want to vent to me my PMs are open. I'm also feeling absolutely awful currently. Sorry to hear that you're going through tough times OP.;strong
Getting rid of depression gets rid of loneliness. I got depressed when I had a loving wife, good job, and many friends. After a decade of that I had no wife and few friends. I got medical help and five days after leaving treatment I have 5 new friends, am on speaking terms with a bunch of my neighbours I've never spoken to before and have hope. I have become outgoing and gregarious. Never would have believed that one. _effed_up;no
me too almost 0400 rn. i really want to sleep all the time so i can get away from the pain but i always have scary dreams about causing it;no
For what worth it probably mean much coming from a complete stranger but glad it failed, or the world would have just lost 1 more good person and we are low on them as is You can pm me anytime if you wanna talk;strong
i feel the same but also the opposite. sometimes i hate being alone, but many times i wish i was alone when i'm with people i don't like. I'm not sure which is worse. Do you have any good friends?;no
We have all kinds of urges, and I treat depression like that. Something to ignore most of the time, and constantly defy to prove myself that those thoughts are wrong. I have come to terms with it and am not wrestling with a monster anymore. I got him in a cage and he's my bitch. Woof. Woof;no
For what worth it probably mean much coming from a complete stranger but glad it failed, or the world would have just lost 1 more good person and we are low on them as is You can pm me anytime if you wanna talk;strong
I'm very proud of you too! Remember the great feeling of success you have right now it will help you next time you have the urge.;strong
I can't deal with it, I just push through everyday;no
yes I distinctly remember being very happy until people started bullying me for being gay. the feelings of emptiness and shame closed me off from normal development and have never left despite years of therapy. this eventually turned into chronic depression and failed relationships. straight men who proudly make gay jokes as if its some disgusting or abnormal thing to be avoided and mocked while they feel open and free to express their own sexual experiences have blood on their hands.;no
Write here one good memory of something nice happened recently.;no
Sometimes when i take a mood enhancer it leaves me void of emotion as well. I wish I had helpful advice, man.;no
wanna talk? msg me if ya want. im not gonna tell you what to do or why your life is not fucked. but im someone to talk to and i have been where you are and might understand you, in some way.;weak
How much of a difference did it make to go and see a doctor for you? I've been thinking about doing it myself, but i wonder if it will be worth the time and effort...;no
Ahw im so sorry for you, what happened to your dog if i may ask?;strong
Well, we're all here because we've been in the same place one time or another. I, myself, find it hard to believe that it gets better. But, there's always this tiny ray of hope that says just, JUST, hold on for a little longer. And since I've got nothing better to do, I obey.;weak
How did the run go?;no
I'm sorry. I hope you get a good day soon.;strong
Aww you are so lucky to have her by your side..! Inspirational;strong
Check in with us! I hope we shed some light for you in there. Hugs.;strong
Know the feeling. My friends are married, they have kids, have homes of their own. Meanwhile, I'm still at home with my parents wondering what the fuck happened to my life at 31? But as others have said, Facebook is pretty much a crock of shit. I recently decided to out myself for being the manic depressive I am. Some people were kind about it, others pretended they gave a shit (more likely for the look how sympathetic I am play card.) Recently I've been pretty out with my highs and lows. My highs get a lot of love but as soon as I show my lows, I notice a massive difference in support. It's almost like they go out of their way to avoid the lows and reality of it. So yeah, Facebook is pretty much a crock of shit and it really does expose to you who people really are.;weak
yes! so sorry that's happening to you, but it feels good to relate - I see a lot of posts about having great dreams. I have at least one bad dream almost every night - and the feeling *always* bleeds into my day, especially if it was confusing or made me question reality. I have dreams all the time about my little sisters getting hurt, and it makes me worry for them. just today I had some kind of sleep paralysis (I don't know if that's the right word, I looked it up but it didn't seem to fit) and honestly I'm scared to fall asleep tonight because I do not want it to happen again. it's happened several times and it terrifies me. you're not alone, friend.;strong
so sorry hurting so much. here.;strong
*hug* I can't remember the last time someone apart from my mom hugged me either, I need a hug or a cuddle so bad, the lack of intimacy with anyone is killing me. I feel incredibly lonely and empty all the time. I don't know how long I can go on. Best of luck!;strong
Nothing bad has to happen to be depressed. Try shaking things up a bit an do something different or new might make you feel better also be glad nothing bad has happened to you that's a good thing;no
Wow great fucking advice. I no longer have to be sad or anything. You know cured. going to go dance on rainbows!;strong
I'm pretty upset myself haha, but let's talk about you, you wanna talk about yourself? what's been going on?;weak
Ah I'm sorry :( Panic attack are awful but you certainly shouldn't feel embarrassed!;strong
I hear you. So well. And I'm so sorry you feel that way. I left my difficult-to-get-into art school because of this (and my classmates treated it like high school and were jerks, but thats irrelevant). It's not easy.;strong
Sorry. I feel the same way. There's absolutely nothing in this life I want. It is kind of driving me crazy though because I don't know what to literally, actually do.;strong
I mean fastest way is a pawnshop or trading stuff into GameStop;no
hey we are all assholes sometimes. Your post is kind of vague, so I'm not sure what to say but yeah I've been a huge dick sometimes too. We're human and we make mistakes.;weak
I'm really sorry you're feeling this way. A person can be cared for by dozens and still feel alone, depression is a monster. I hope you're able to make progress against it in your own way, or by talking to people you trust, living the life you want to live, or by obtaining professional help. Please send me a message if you would like to talk to someone privately.;strong
what was his reaction? So brave of you btw? I told a few of my closest friends and we actually got even more close;no
I ran a business for 7 years, *you cannot believe the stress it is*. You absolutely must have all your ducks in a row before you run a business. Your ego gets caught up in it, so when it is having rough times you feel like crap, and when it's doing well you need to use that to prepare for when it inevitably isn't. It can be done, but it's expensive in terms of money, your sanity, health and any relationships that might otherwise happen (however unlikely). I wish I never tried myself.;no
I'm really sorry for this. I'm going through something similar and I have pretty much given up all hope that I am the same as my peers. I am definitely not. I feel as if everyday is a struggle for self acceptance even by myself. Everyday is a day where I am buffeted by my own worthlessness. I try my best, I do. I try my very best to get through. Every day is a drag, but at least its a drag and not a standstill. After a while I forget people exist, really. It's just me and my depression. I don't need any more love from my peers after some time.;strong
Hang in there. Spontaneous Remission blesses like an angel. When she comes, there will be new people you love and love you in return. Stick it out. You got this.;weak
Saw mine coming a mile away. Suffering from anxiety and depression, and life circumstances kept becoming more and more difficult. Job was going to shit and stressing me out. Money was becoming a bigger and bigger problem at home. Was getting very little sleep between stress and my son not sleeping at night. One day it became too much. Started crying and having a panic attack. Didn't stop until I drank myself to sleep. The next day I was still struggling to function due to feeling incredibly and persistently overwhelmed. That was three years ago;no
I don't know if I know exactly. I've had feelings of contentment and I guess warm feelings, but I think it's more than that. I think the best way is to sometimes look at yourself like you are a close friend and treat yourself accordingly. Because actions make a huge impact and if you do things like removing yourself from unnecessary stressful situations and not committing self-sabotage (me sometimes lol), the road gets a little brighter. May you walk on warm sands, traveler.;weak
Brilliant. I sat here and mulled it over. I really like it.;no
I know, we all hope for that but at the same time we all hope for better days. Maybe they're coming maybe not. But please don't do anything permanent. If you ever want to talk i'm here almost all the time.;weak
Sorry to hear that, feel free to PM if you want to.;strong
Thats totally normal, most people get that from time to time. It will pass, the when is the real question. Good news is you can work on the when, at least it works for me. I think the key is to accept whatever you are feeling, not fight it and not try to change it, even try to get yourself to cry. The point is really to change your mindset from 'i have depression i can't cure it, it is killing me' to 'i'm sad again for no reason, human brain is a pile of shit and buggy as hell, I'm gonny cry all day to give it what it wants'..;weak
I'm sorry. You have no one to talk to?;strong
Well, that was a nice idea of your stepmom's. I'm sorry it didn't help--I've read that massage helps people recovering from EDs with body image, but maybe it takes a couple sessions. Hang in there.;strong
Depression is a hard fight. I am 29, on meds and I still struggle. All I can add is to start with yourself. Keep a daily routine, like hygiene or reading, find something that allows you to clear your mind and be calm. Go to work or go to school and be yourself. Always find something that can make you laugh. A great sense of humor and a good personality can for real change the way people see you. I had terrible acne as a child and hated how I looked, but as I grew older I gained more friends through my humor. I only really have 2 friends but they are great friends. Quality over quantity and all that jazz. As for being single I too am in the double digit bus. I go from periods of loathing being alone to being numb to being okay with it. My friends and the things that make me laugh help ease that pain.;no
I'm sorry that you're also in this position. I'm honestly just waiting for my parents to die so I can kill myself.;strong
Hi there. No one on this earth is worthless, even if you feel that way now. It gets better, things change, you will change. I browsed through your post history and noticed how young you are. The age you're in is a horrible hormonic stage. My son had the same feelings at that age-range. I did too. Even if life feels overwhelming and lonely now, this will pass eventually. Be patient. I have to go for a while, but will get back to you with how my son learned to cope. Hang in there. A big motherly hug to you!;strong
I'm sorry to hear how you're feeling right now, and although everything you do at the moment may feel pointless, there will come a time when your purpose will become apparent, and everything will hopefully make sense. All I can really say right now is to strive on, do the things that make you happy and cherish the people that make you feel loved. I wish you a wonderful future OP, and hope that one day everything will be better.;strong
Hi friend! :) I'm really sorry you're in such pain :( sometimes the people we have around us can't see the pain we're in because they don't want to (they may see it, not know how to help us, and are afraid to because it may cause them pain). This may seem like useless advice, but it can greatly help if you tell the other people exactly how you're feeling and ask them to try and help you. Nobody will ever be inside your head and able to experience exactly what you are feeling, but by talking to them and letting them know, you can help them to understand you. Sometimes we have to do the hardest part of reaching out ourselves. I had to tell my best friend I was feeling suicidal, but by telling her she helped me turn my life around. She just didn't realise. It's never easy to do, but I can promise you that you are so much stronger than you know, and there are always people willing to listen and to try to understand what you're going through. Lastly, I hope you don't die. Not until you've been able to live the life that you want, the life that you deserve to have. I'm sending you love and luck.;strong
It is. It's very tough to keep going. I can't tell you how to make it stop, I wish I could. I just try to focus on the next very small thing I can do. I'm sorry dude. You aren't alone, I promise.;strong
Your mom sounds verbally abusive. I'm sorry you feel like this. I hope things get better for you soon.;strong
*hug* I can't remember the last time someone apart from my mom hugged me either, I need a hug or a cuddle so bad, the lack of intimacy with anyone is killing me. I feel incredibly lonely and empty all the time. I don't know how long I can go on. Best of luck!;strong
Happy birthday love, have a great one!;weak
I feel you there and I am so sorry! Those people suck!;strong
Sorry to hear you have been going through a rough time. Emotions can be hard to control and anger can be an easy out. It lets you feel powerful, in control of things. In therapy they teach you to sit-down often and sort through your emotions. What emotion are you experiencing right now? How do you identify it? What caused you to feel like this? What steps can you make to prevent this feeling? Try to walk yourself through some of these exercises. They might help you better understand your emotions so that you can control them in the future.;strong
You are not alone in any of that and my heart goes out to you and I think its important to seek professional help for these types of feelings, im sorry i couldn't help more and hope you get better;strong
Yeah, we're creatures of habit unfortunately. I also find myself falling into the same pits over and over again but yknow what? Sometimes life just clicks together and all the pieces fit into the big picture and you find that moment where you can change. It doesn't have to be overnight, but look for some baby steps that can put your forward. best of luck x;weak
Hey, I have no problem staying awake a little longer- Up to talk?;weak
So fucking true... Nobody does.;weak
Meh, life is what you make of it, and that can either be very scary or quite comforting. Personally, I am at a point where I feel circumstantially helpless and genetically inferior... so I am hopeless. But, tbh, everything is about your perspective and what you choose to focus your attention on. If you have the mental stregnth to seek help, get on medication, pursue interests you like and meet people through them and accept your reality, than maybe just maybe you can get better. Life is, in my opinion, just a series of accomplishments, experiences, relationships and habits... you need to have a groove and stick with it. Firstly, just be happy with yourself. You gotta do anything to make yourself like your own company and brain. Become your own best friend.;no
I'm sorry you are feeling this way. We are here for you.;strong
Wait, you got fired due your depression? Where are you from? Isn't depression classified as a medical condition like any other? Aren't you protected by law against such action? Sorry to read about your situation. And sorry for all the questions. Guilty of being a lawyer :/;strong
Happy birthday my dude. definitely get better, I promise.;weak
Sometimes the people who care are the ones you least expect, talk to someone who you trust alot and tell them everything... sometimes advice from someone you know personally, has more impact then someone from the internet.... all you can really do is talk it it and, if it gets worse, GO TO A DOCTOR, hope i helped a bit -Kyle;weak
Woah... that's accurate. The posts in this sub today really reflect me. This is very truthful, I just live with it;strong
sorry feeling so stressed right now, OP. Do you want to talk more about your making you so stressed?;strong
i know this feeling it sucks so hard, you should try meditating like breath 5 seconds in and 5 seconds out for a long time and you will feel a bit better;weak
In my experience, the emptiness is worse. I eventually just broke down and cried for a month and it was such a relief after years of not feeling anything.;no
I can't even be on Facebook anymore because of this. All the happy little lives while I enviously look on, suffering of course.;no
Yes. I also have anxiety issues so if I'm not fumbling my words because of that I'm struggling to follow my own thought process because of the fog. I'm sure I appear to be the most awkward/weird/air head around. Because of this I stay home most all of the time and don't socialize or anything.;no
Listen m8, a dead man is a free man. When you are dying, the world is your oyster. Do whatever.;no
Average is great! At least you don't suck.;weak
"It's a terrible feeling when you try to hold on to even the most minuscule things that bring you any slight amount of joy, and one by one those things get taken from you. What I try to do is work back on a route to the thing that would lead to getting the one thing that could be right. i.e. something that costs money makes you happy, but you don't make enough money; need a way to make more money; dedicate all free time to applying for better work. Or, feel lonely and haven't got anybody; need to find somebody to stop feeling like that; need to know best places to find somebody; research ways to meet people and put self into that situation. Or feel worthless; being of use to someone or something would make me feel less worthless; dedicate myself to making myself of use to someone who needs somebody; use free time aiding charity or institution where people need you, and you can feel needed. Honestly, I know it's not that easy a fix, and there will be more bumps to overcome. One of my larger problems is isolation and loneliness, and even having looked at places to go, I still haven't found the courage to put myself into a situation to meet people. But generating a simple starting point where you can do something easily achievable, even just through reading online about how to get started, can make you feel proactive and start to get you into a more productive feeling that maybe it won't be like that forever, and that there is a physical, tangible, mortal way to deal with the situation. So, I would recommend pick a small goal that CAN lead to some form of happiness and work towards that, rather than try to envision this great milestone of achieving happiness in one big leap. Helps you take it day by day a little easier, and I hope that would make each new day, if not better, at least consistent for you. Feel better soon, bud.";weak
None of that fucking works. Anyone who thinks it does doesn't understand depression or what anyone here is going through. The only time it works is if it is a genuine expression of love and care from someone important to you. Not this generic bullshit that you get fed every other day;weak
Please don't. Its just not right choice make. There is always something that can be done other than that.;strong
I'm sorry for however long you still have to deal with them, but some day you will be able to walk away from them if you choose to, and that is 100% okay. You are your own very awesome person and they don't get a say in who you are.;strong
The most cliche response ever;no
Oh yes, I have heard this many times. The trouble is that no one has bothered to follow that statement up with *how* I push people away. You know? Like, the first time someone said it to me I had no idea it was even a thing I did, but they give me any feedback. Anyone else in the same boat? Point is, OP, I feel ya. And a sore spot.;weak
I wanna be lonely with you guys to. Here's one big lonely hug , squeeze hard might be the only one you get. I'm alone by myself oh so lonely, just want to feel close to another like myself, I'm blown away by the shear lone that has overcome me, will I ever break the chains that imprisoned me to lonliness. Am I to endure this for the rest of my life?;strong
trying to fall asleep with a headache. They are the worse.;no
"Sorry to hear that. Obviously a very painful experience. Of course you're not crazy for feeling like that makes you wonder about your value as a person, but to get through this life you'll really want to get to the place where you understand other people's behaviors are a reflection of them and not of you. I'm not trying to suggest some stupid mind-trick here, of course when someone chooses another person over you, you are going to have thoughts of worthlessness and insecurity. But even if someone you are with realizes they'd rather be with someone else, it doesn't require them to cheat on you, they could just be an adult and end a relationship before doing something behind someone's back. Human love is fickle. There's no way to ever say that anyone who decides to spend time with you owes it to you to honor that choice forever, but it certainly doesn't mean they have to cheat and lie. This advice has stuck with me ever since I heard it on a podcast; don't ever expect other human beings to be rational, or to assume they are playing by the same set of rules and understandings as you are. They lived so much of their lives before you were ever it in, you have no idea if this behavior could be a reflection of something somebody else did to them in their past or whatever. You can't blame yourself for other people. Otherwise a total stranger could walk up to you on the street and punch you, and you'll spend the next week wondering what you did wrong instead of identifying that person as a violent crazy person. Regardless, it isn't exactly the most logical part of your mind that is going to feel rotten about this for a while, so no amount of information is going to make it feel better right away. But try to love yourself, and work on coming around to that understanding that other people's choices do not say anything about you, only about them. This action means that they are a cheater, not that you are worthless.";strong
Have you looked into therapy?;no
I feel you. I grew a full beard between visits to my folks. Not a word.;weak
Just let it out then, that's what this is place is for. Hugs, hope things become better for you soon! :);strong
Stop trying to fix things with bad people and bring positive people into your life. If you can't do that, having no one is better than having the worst people.;no
None of that fucking works. Anyone who thinks it does doesn't understand depression or what anyone here is going through. The only time it works is if it is a genuine expression of love and care from someone important to you. Not this generic bullshit that you get fed every other day;weak
I'm so sorry to hear that. I know there's not much I can really say to help. I hope they are happy wherever they are. Were you close? I hope you are handling the passing okay.;strong
The key is to have no expectations, especially when it comes to other people;no
That's hard. Especially if you're the type of person to post in this sub. Loving yourself is really difficult. But loving others is easier. And I do love you. When you love others, I find, its easier to love yourself. Even just saying the words and seeing it echoed back makes me feel good. I hope I helped.;strong
I wanna be lonely with you guys to. Here's one big lonely hug , squeeze hard might be the only one you get. I'm alone by myself oh so lonely, just want to feel close to another like myself, I'm blown away by the shear lone that has overcome me, will I ever break the chains that imprisoned me to lonliness. Am I to endure this for the rest of my life?;strong
There must be a reason you're posting in this thread, there are lots of wonderful people going through this who would offer their support. I'm sorry you're going through such a hard time, and I hope you can find some hope to carry on. I don't know how much words on a screen from an online stranger would help, but if you need a reason to stay alive, let this comment be one. Take care!;strong
I'm sorry you are feeling this way. We are here for you.;strong
known my best friend for 15 years. never had any sort of falling out. We get along fine. She considers me her family. still expecting her to tell me hated me this entire time and has been making fun of me for 15 years by pretending to be my friend.;no
yes! so sorry that's happening to you, but it feels good to relate - I see a lot of posts about having great dreams. I have at least one bad dream almost every night - and the feeling *always* bleeds into my day, especially if it was confusing or made me question reality. I have dreams all the time about my little sisters getting hurt, and it makes me worry for them. just today I had some kind of sleep paralysis (I don't know if that's the right word, I looked it up but it didn't seem to fit) and honestly I'm scared to fall asleep tonight because I do not want it to happen again. it's happened several times and it terrifies me. you're not alone, friend.;strong
Except we're all driving on a flat plane;no
Yeah, I resonate with a lot of what you're saying. It's only on a place like here or a depression support group that you would find others that feel this way. Let me ask you this: what do you find joy or distraction in? Tell me everything you have tried.;weak
Mostly video games, keeps my negative thoughts away pretty well. Music I try to avoid because when I'm in those kind of hard times I tend to listen to music that I can relate to so it kind of brings more of the feelings to the surface. Memes are funny I guess. Masturbation is short term. Yeah video games.;no
Sometimes we need to start with ourselves. Do you think you provide yourself with the care you need? It is alright to lose care for things and people at times because that only tells us that we might need to look out for ourselves first.;weak
"So sorry you are going through this. My mom died when I was 21. It's a traumatizing experience. I hope you have a supportive family. My family was only my mom and sisters at that time. Don't kill your self; your dad would not want that. Get help even if you don't feel like living right now. It does get better.";strong
Music had always affected my moods depending on what I listen to. When I need a boost of happiness or motivation I like to listen to Alexander desplat or Hans zimmer or James horner. Honestly, I am just a huge orchestra person and, since it doesn't have lyrics, I can pretend it's the soundtrack to my life and feel more courageous to get moving. There's also another user (I wish I could remember where or who it was) but they suggested doing at least one thing whenever you get up to go pee or get water. Then, you can push it to doing two things when you feel more motivated. Please be kind and have patience with yourself. Depression is an ongoing war with many battles. Celebrate your wins and don't berate yourself when you're not doing as well as you wish. Take baby steps you can easily accomplish and grow from there. I hope you have a great day tomorrow and if you ever need some support, just send me a PM hugs in the meantime;weak
Just to say I was totally in that place at the start of last week when I went on holiday. Had a massive cry and a big old panic and then made it all worse by beating myself up with it/being all like SHOULD BE HAPPY, WHY ARE YOU NOT HAPPY. I AM ANGRY THAT I AM NOT angry just makes more sad and a nasty cycle. Know that allowed to feel how you feel, and okay to go on holiday and feel like crap. I hope things start to feel a bit better and you get some relaxing in.;weak
This a huge troll..check his post history.;no
People hate you because you're strong. The depression will turn to hate and you will want to slaughter faggots legally.;no
that be nice? I am in the same boat...for about the last 8 years it just keeps getting worse. I am sorry you are going through it too...I am not real hopeful about it getting better for me anytime soon, but I really hope it does for you. it strange that we can believe it can for someone else, a complete stranger on the internet, but not for ourselves? If not happiness, I hope you can find at least some peace and comfort in 2019.;strong
Hey dude i used to cry everday on the bus looking back at my awful day, so i grew my hair out super long so no one could see it. Maybe its better not to cry;no
She might know and just not be interested. You can't force it.;no
I think that drugs could make depression worse though.;no
That's hard. Especially if you're the type of person to post in this sub. Loving yourself is really difficult. But loving others is easier. And I do love you. When you love others, I find, its easier to love yourself. Even just saying the words and seeing it echoed back makes me feel good. I hope I helped.;strong
You know what that means? It means that you're an influence to others. People care about you and share the same feelings as you.;weak
sorry to hear. :( is this an ongoing thing or does it come in phases? how does being high help?;strong
Sorry to hear that. Are you struggling with anything specific or life in general?;strong
Woah... that's accurate. The posts in this sub today really reflect me. This is very truthful, I just live with it;strong
Think of all that endured up to this point, all the bad days that beaten and made it through. THAT is courage. This is just another one of those. If feeling like things get any worse, it means that they can only get better. Give yourself a chance to make it kill yourself. going to die one day. In fact, one and only guarantee. one person, a stranger to you... but a stranger that cares. not alone. You can do this. How do I know that? Because here, right now, doing it. Keep going.;weak
I don't know how to stop either. My negative thoughts are with me all the time.;no
Just don't let it bother you, in the grand scheme we're all going to die anyway so;no
You are not a fraud, your are worthy. Also, abrupt change of tone, what does sme mean?;weak
My dear, sometimes you've gotta learn to comfort yourself. I had to recently. All I wanted was someone to just be there and tell me everything is going to be ok. The one person I needed to tell me this, never came. You have to be your own hero. You are a strong human.;weak
I started by deactivating Facebook. All of it. Give the important people your number, and then just shut Facebook, messenger and insta down. Leave snap or texts for emergencies and basic social upkeep to let people know you're alive. You can even get extensions for your computer browser to block them. Do this for the sites you obsess over. Find a replacement hobby, make a list of things you need to do. Set a time for when you can check social media again so it isn't a never thing to your brain, just a 'you only have this many days left!' Sort of thing.;no
Yeah. Because i'm always sure they make fun of me and that i must look really horrible today.;no
How many milligrams are each tablet and how much do you weigh? If you're looking to kill yourself, clonidine can't kill you. Just put you in a coma. Which will only make the suffering worse. Please do not attempt suicide using anything. It's Christmas, man. You can reply to this if you need to vent or anything, I'm here for you dude. Again. Don't attempt suicide. Please. For me. A stranger on the internet who cares more than you think.;weak
Just because you feel like you're headed in that direction, doesn't mean you actually are...and if you are, you can always turn the car around. You're the only one who controls the ride and where it goes. I've had many days (and I still have those days) where I've lost hope in life. Feel like there is no point to go on because no matter how much I try to get things on track, I fail. That no one cares about me, and if I were gone the whole world would have one less body to deal with. But, then I realize that these things are not permanent or untrue, and If i am not happy, I can change it...but, you can not change suicide. Try to take a step back and think about what brings you joy in your life currently, and think of the things you've enjoyed while growing up, and surround yourself with them. Try something new that you've always wished you'd try. These are all steps to a better life, one that's happier...and is definitely possible to achieve. It takes some time and work, but in the end it is worth it. Don't give up, the best things in life are always the ones that make you work the hardest for. Feeling like this, is not permanent, it's only temporary. You have many people who care for you, who I am quite certain will notice if you're gone, and would be devastated... not to mention the hundreds of other people you're robbing from the chance of getting to meet someone as amazing as you, too! Stay strong, and remember that it will always be okay. Life is what you make it.;weak
My current goal is to outlive everyone that cares about me. It seems like the nicest thing I can do for them, and it also grants me a chance to figure stuff out. All of my self-preservation instincts are driven off of the pain I would cause loved ones if something were to happen to me, in all situations, and that fear is what keeps me going during the worst of it. If you can't do it for yourself, try to carry on for someone you care about.;no
Sorry to hear you have felt this way for so long. Some more background would be helpful. Were you ever bullied? Do you have a circle of friends?;strong
Maybe you can read for your exam while in bed? Have you wondered about why that is, that you can't get out of bed, or have you just accepted it as reality? Maybe you're not feeling like getting up and showering and stuff, having to change clothes and eventually throw the pile of used clothes in the washer? I know the feeling, though can't be sure that's what you're worried about. Maybe it's about meeting people? People can be stupid, demanding and stuff. Sometimes, even friends can feel like a burden to some people. Doesn't mean they hate their friends, it just drains them to constantly have to cater to their friends to keep them. Maybe being in bed is just your favorite activity. You're addicted to it, just like people being addicted to video games. It makes you feel good to just lie there, as opposed to everything else. When you leave it, you suffer withdrawals. In that case, your best bet is to force yourself for three weeks. I know it's hard, but that's literally the only way to change it. You can get someone to help you do it, if you have friends nearby that can knock on your door and be mean to you for a few weeks. Can you tell me more about your experience lying in bed? What you feel, what your thoughts are about not lying in bed?;no
I literally took a year off last year because I just couldn't cope at all. I'll be going back in a fortnight and I already know that I won't be able to get out of bed again. I really wonder what's the point sometimes.;no
They should definitely get a safe that only they can access. No problem then.;no
Do something to take care of yourself please. Just something. One thing.;weak
I can agree with every single thing you have listed there, and experience them all. It is not normal for a 24 year old good looking, well educated man to be feeling this way - but I have never felt right in life. The biggest thing that kills me is that I have never experienced a relationship or genuine friendship in my life. I find myself completely and utterly alone every day. My only communication is with my clients by email. I do leave the house, but it's only to go to the grocery store or for a walk - by myself of course. I read on the internet about all these wonderful holiday destinations that i'd love to visit, but I can barely afford it and going by myself is not enticing at all. Just sick of it..;weak
You succeeded for 10 months, that's amazing! Please don't let one slip up take away that victory for you. You should be proud of yourself.;weak
in there my friend. I'm here for you;weak
"I was on Lexapro and Wellbutrin for the longest time and didn't have any bad side effects, but it definitely didn't help me as much as I'd hoped. It did get me from I can't leave my bed to I guess I can function occasionally on a good day. I'm no longer on the Lexapro but the Wellbutrin has stuck with me for a while, so. It went well for me; Hope it goes well for you!";weak
Tell him to get some professional help, do your best to offer support but regardless of your relationship with them it is not your job to heal them. They can only do that for themselves, and that's something he will have to choose for himself. Start making appointments with well rated professionals now, it often takes time to schedule them. Good luck to you and your friend.;weak
It's not uncommon. Bipolar can be very difficult to diagnose. We tend to think of it as a constant swinging between high and low but really you can be low all the time and still be bipolar if you had one high at some point. What you do is move forward with your new diagnosis and work on treatment and coping skills. ADHD and depression are generally easier to manage long term than bipolar disorder, so that's a plus.;no
Good morning bro, im happy that you woke up and read this comment! I hope you have a great day today!;strong
Yeah, what alak said, for real. God, I wish I had that addiction. How do you get that addiction?;no
Well fair enough. I'm sorry there isn't anything I can say to help :/;strong
Why do you think so?;no
Doug Stanhope has a bit about it;no
Happy birthday. I hope you do something fun after work.;weak
Actually I find myself taking much longer showers when I'm depressed. Sometimes twice in a day. It's the only time I feel relaxed.;no
Very sorry to hear it. She came back the first time?;strong
Lucky you...I just wanted the same but all my family is spending it with each other and their in laws...I wasn't invited anywhere with any of them and yes I know this sounds like a pity party.;strong
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
Don't do it. Tell me your story! I'd love to hear.;weak
sorry to hear that, but been in a similar situation after taking some time off of school. My best advice is to take the minimum amount of classes possible so you get too overwhelmed. For me essential to plan my assignments in advance, so that I can just do things one by one and not let it all get piled up cuz then I wanna die. Also, if you need a break, take one. School will always be there but good to take care of yourself too :);strong
Does it matter at that point what I want? They're the ones left making sense of it. Let them do whatever they want.;no
its so weird being depressed and feeling like i cant help other depressed people. so when i think of what to say my first thought is WEL1 W4T I5 MAKING U DEPRESSED? Is there something going on in your life bud?;no
Talk to someone online, it's sometimes much easier to get friendly with on the net, there are a lot of lonely people there. When I'm feeling down and there is literally no-one there to talk to it helps me to engage in come conversation in open hobbyists communities. Even having fun chat about anything at all (not a support/getting it out of your chests talk) can make all the difference when you don't have anyone else to talk with. The additional benefit is possibility to get motivated to do something new and interesting. It might not be a substitute for talking with a real friend (online or not) about your feelings but if you are so lonely it hurts it's still something.;weak
Every time I dare think I am moving up in any way I get beat down. In any field of life that I try to improve. Its just incredible.;no
What would you like to do? Hugs, hope things become better for you soon! :);strong
Talk to someone online, it's sometimes much easier to get friendly with on the net, there are a lot of lonely people there. When I'm feeling down and there is literally no-one there to talk to it helps me to engage in come conversation in open hobbyists communities. Even having fun chat about anything at all (not a support/getting it out of your chests talk) can make all the difference when you don't have anyone else to talk with. The additional benefit is possibility to get motivated to do something new and interesting. It might not be a substitute for talking with a real friend (online or not) about your feelings but if you are so lonely it hurts it's still something.;weak
Wow great fucking advice. I no longer have to be sad or anything. You know cured. going to go dance on rainbows!;strong
I hope it gets better for you. Just remember to take care of yourself while you are depressed. What do you tell people to do when they are sick with the flu? You tell them to drink water, get plenty of rest, don't overexert, and eat bland foods. Drink tea, medicine, whatever. This is recommended for the most rapid recovery. If they neglect this advice, they run the risk of getting sicker. What do you tell someone who is sick with depression? Just do your best to keep up with life. Make sure you eat, make sure you sleep, brush your teeth, do whatever chores you would normally do, try not to turn to any vice or addiction, and avoid isolating yourself. If you upkeep with life, you are more likely to see a faster recovery. If you fail to upkeep, you run the risk of digging a hole and becoming more depressed. You are strong, and you got this. Best of luck to you.;weak
I'm on the same meds, and I just wanted to ask how long it took for you to start feeling the effects.;no
Aww you are so lucky to have her by your side..! Inspirational;strong
Definitely not cured, but much better than my worst. I've found that forcing myself to do the things I used to love, even if it only holds my interest briefly, helps on bad days. I have also found music to be a great mood changer and excerise if I can force myself to do it.;no
Great Work!!! Wanted to tell you I too am proud of you. I saw someone as well after a last year. I am very proud of you and ever think there is anything wrong with seeing someone!;strong
So sorry for your loss;strong
I was diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety during my final year of university. I paused my studies initially to recover but am due to return in January. Now, I've actually decided to throw out that plan and transfer my remaining credits to an online university instead. I'm in contact but I haven't heard back so fingers crossed.;no
Sorry for your loss, but don't feel guilty, there's probably a reason why you feel that way. Also, your feelings might clear with time.;strong
"An old girlfriend and I have some sort of connection. We both have depression and similar backgrounds growing up. We are able to talk to each other, understand each other. Better than our respective spouses can understand our depression. The only problem is that I'm still not completely over her. She still has a soft spot for me too but it isn't the same as what I feel. We broke up 35 years ago. &amp;#x200B;";no
I'm sorry you feel like this. My daughter has tried to kill herself 3 times and I pretty much have been mentally preparing myself for the worst for the last 6 months bc she was so so depressed and non responsive to meds, therapy etc. Then the craziest thing happened...she got involved in an old hobby, met new people she had stuff in common with, and just 5 minutes ago told me that she is going out to lunch with someone from that group. My point is...things can change. I hope things can change for you soon.;strong
I love you all. Genuinely the replies here made me feel much less alone. your kindness is beautiful;strong
Yea. Sorry. I know how you feel. feeling very alone today.;strong
Hey. I understand what you are feeling, and I am so sorry you are experiencing this. :( really such a hopeless feeling. Please feel free to PM me if you would like to talk. About anything.;strong
That feeling when your teeth are rotting away and you're too scared to go to the dentist. :(;no
I'm sorry to hear about your dog. Losing a pet is a tough thing to go through. Is it possible to have her euthanized? To save her some pain and you some emotional suffering? Honestly, I think that would be best, if it's at all possible. I had to watch my dog die years ago. It still haunts me because of how much she suffered and how little I was able to do to help. *-hugs-*;strong
sorry to hear. :( is this an ongoing thing or does it come in phases? how does being high help?;strong
You know I felt like that last night. Like I was actually trying to find efficient ways to kill myself because I had to do shit from 7:15-6, but here I am. You can do it too. I know it sounds like I'm just some happy guy who doesn't really understand, because I alwaysk ind afeel like that. The words are so simple, you can do it too. All I know is that last night, if I had the oppurtunity I would be dead. Do you need somebody to talk to? GOD I fucking hate how generic all this shit is. I just need you to know that I mean this shit.;weak
Dont do it. Please stay safe.;no
this next week is going to be one of those other weeks. just want to yell at the sky or something lol;no
sorry you feel this way. I do too. It provides a release.;strong
no, never. seeking a therapist is supposed to help you stop thinking like that. i think its good to seek a therapist, especially if you're highly suicidal.;weak
write me. write me about whats bothering you. sometimes putting all his worries in order is the best relief to start with;weak
Yep. In conversations with my therapist, we have discussed me having some kind of attachment disorder around this. I am constantly seeking and craving connection with others. I can be at an airport and be thinking about connecting with other people. We traced it to childhood stuff (no surprise there) of abandonment and alienation, unmet emotional needs. Then when and if I do connect, my expectations are pretty high since I am willing to do whatever to reach out to the other person and increase the connection. When that is not reciprocated to the expectations that I have (because they are not trying to fill the massive hole that I am), I feel rejected and then shut down. I internalize this sense as a rejection of me as a person (they don't like me, I'm not worth liking, they got to know and discovered i'm no good). Rinse. Repeat. That's my pattern at least. Knowing the pattern helps, but it doesn't mean I can always identify it and stop it. Thanks for letting me share.;no
Why post this rubbish? Are you depressed? Do you think this trite advise means anything to those who are? Enjoy life, even if you don't enjoy it! makes perfect sense.;no
Can you talk about whats going on in your head? Maybe if you get it out, it will be a little more sorted? I'm sorry it's so overwhelming right now. Someone loves you, they just don't know how to show it the right way, right now.;strong
I'm glad it worked for you. I've been going for a few weeks and so far it hasnt helped, so good that it helps some people;strong
Hey man, I'm there with ya. My ex broke up with me in the fall and I'm still hurting over it. I know it sucks really hard, and I can't say it gets easier, but I know there a LOT of other people feeling the same thing, including me. Hang in there man, it's the most you can do.;weak
I always see couples and hate them. Not because I am a bad person (or maybe I am), but mostly because of why I don't have anyone. I've come to the conclusion that people are so shit on everything that they shouldn't be allowed to reproduce. Every single one I've met is always doing stuff for himself/herself. EVERYTHING people do is for personal benefit, nowadays. From the way people start approaching others to the way people break up. * Wanna get a girlfriend? BETTER FIND ONE IN TINDER!. Yeah, let's all start liking some stupid slut's photos that will help you get laid and of course it will NEVER inflate her ego to think she Pretty and successful with men, while in fact she is a nobody to everybody. * Wanna take a girl on a date? BETTER USE MY PARENTS' MONEY TO SHOW I'M A MAN!. If the best thing you have to offer to the opposite sex for them to appreciate, is money that aren't even yours (and for them to like you) why the hell are you allowed to have children? We don't any more of you ass***s running around. I understand that what I am saying might seem over-dramatic to some of you(or all of you) but let me tell you some thinks about me: I am 27, I graduated the university after studying there for 8 years because I had to work and serve my conscription to the army, I've lived(and still am) my whole life with my mother because we were too poor to have a separate house, haven't found a job since I graduated because the financial crisis has ravaged my country and I feel like I have little will and reason to live anymore. I wish something happened and people couldn't have sex for over a year. Only then would society come to the place it was supposed to be. Too many sluts and too many rich kids doing shit they want.;no
Please do whatever stuff that makes your feel your own worth. In your case, that's a good stuff. If you're in the path towards the positives, keep on walking. Good luck.;weak
I feel the same. I wish I could see all the people in public who feel this way because I bet a lot of the people like you or me who feel like this could be friends because we understand something about eachother that no one who felt that way understands.;no
I've dealt with not knowing if I'm hearing voices as well. What's your story and I'll share mine? Maybe we can help each other.;weak
no, never. seeking a therapist is supposed to help you stop thinking like that. i think its good to seek a therapist, especially if you're highly suicidal.;weak
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
Hope is good, if it is the type of hope that fuels passion. For me, I haven't had much hope/dream that has led to creativity for quite a long time. There is another type of hope, one which doesn't really do anything. Its a little nagging voice saying 'hey, things will get better', even in a shitty situation. Some people like this guy, because he provides a brief moment of contentment in a horrible clashing world. Others don't like him, because they see that after a while, his prophecies don't really come true. I don't know what to do with my hope. I'm having 95% the second type and not much of the first.;no
Maybe just around shitty people. I hope you can still make it out of this alive though. at least one person that cares.;weak
Check in with us! I hope we shed some light for you in there. Hugs.;strong
but how can you play sims when you're dead? jokes aside, don't do anything okay, calm down. life will bring beauty, hang on.;weak
Sorry to hear that. Are you struggling with anything specific or life in general?;strong
Maybe it's a defense mechanism you created when you were a child? Maybe if you really searched, it's because on the inside you truly feel inferior?;no
Please don't. Its just not right choice make. There is always something that can be done other than that.;strong
Same here. Either a cat or an oak tree. Or a tartagrade in space.;no
My friend said something like that to me recently. It fucking hurt. I could tell if I was more pissed at her or myself.;no
Why would you want them to?;no
I can totally relate to this. Do you mind sharing your playlist?;weak
Sorry for your loss, but don't feel guilty, there's probably a reason why you feel that way. Also, your feelings might clear with time.;strong
Congratulations! Paycheck incoming. Netflix account incoming. Porn subscri- No?;strong
DM me anytime, my dude.;weak
A very similar thing happened to me but only the first half. We talked from 6 till 10:30 till the closed. I thought there was a connection but I never ever ever heard from her ever again.;no
Yes, tried to commit suicide before. I know how you feel, as if trapped in a concept, and you feel numb, or no reaction to anything. a hard time to go through and really nothing you can do, except love yourself.;no
hey we are all assholes sometimes. Your post is kind of vague, so I'm not sure what to say but yeah I've been a huge dick sometimes too. We're human and we make mistakes.;weak
Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! (is doing *weird* things with my formatting.)  It's your birthday. You can be any way you want. You can want people to make a big deal even if you are depressed and want to not let them at the same time. You day, your rules. Happy happy 19:);strong
Wait, you got fired due your depression? Where are you from? Isn't depression classified as a medical condition like any other? Aren't you protected by law against such action? Sorry to read about your situation. And sorry for all the questions. Guilty of being a lawyer :/;strong
No you are not a loser in any way. Admiring your depression shows how strong you are. This is something that is hard to get rid of. Believe me I know. important is that you give up and keep moving forward a strong and special person. I believe in you. Have hope. *hug*;weak
How do you know that?;no
"What is christmas anyway? It's all a silly act; presents,decoration,...It really is nothing different than summer. I mean, if we need a special day the year dedicated to show love for family/friends,... does that mean it's any different during the rest of the year? You don't need ''them'', do something you like in the meantime ;)";no
This has sorta happened to me too. I feel like I'm more cynical and aware, but I feel distant and like the issues don't really matter in the end.;no
Yes. My friends are...not reliable. They mean well but they unintentionally exclude me out of things. I can't help but feel unwanted/filler. My family loves me, but they always treat me like I'm baby. It's becoming more dehumanizing and irritating everyday.;no
1. Are the problems you have permanent or out of your control? 2. Have you talked with all of your friends and family or a therapist? I dont know what you are going through, but whatever it is, is it really THAT bad you feel the need to end your life?? Now just think about what all your friends and family will think once you are gone... they will be blaming themselves forever because they will feel like they are at fault because they didnt help you when you needed it most. Again idk what going through, but think of how many people are going through as worse or worse than you and still tough it out and make it through.;weak
Listen to music full blast and cry for a bit.;no
I'll be honest, I feel kinda sorry for you. You have completely nobody? Perhaps you had some people, but due to some things those relationships didn't work out?;strong
I hope you can learn to stop. I promise you there is someone out there that cares about you very much and would be heartbroken to see you go. I know it's hard, but I've been there too. The most amazing person just came into my life and having her around makes everything easier. I hope you have someone like that too.;weak
I feel the same. I'm sorry.;strong
Did you think you might die from it?;no
I've messaged you a couple of times in the last two days. I know what it's like to feel you're scrapping the bottom. If you need an ear to bend I can make myself available for at least the next two hours. Please get in touch, if not with me, with someone who'll listen.;weak
Aww you are so lucky to have her by your side..! Inspirational;strong
You will find some people who will refuse to leave your side, regardless of what you're going through and regardless of if you both have disagreements or fights. It might take a while, it took me several years, but just keep searching. Be yourself, and the right people will come and they will love you for you. It might take a while, but don't give up hope.;weak
so sorry hurting so much. here.;strong
Yeah, this feeling is a strong one. Felt it consistently for a lot of my childhood and early adulthood. The truth is that I never dealt with it constructively, or at least in a way that could help me get to the root of that feeling. Part of the reason I think you and I are on this in the first place is because we were never taught how to deal with that feeling constructively. In my case, I used constant denial and self-numbing ... At some point, I just assumed the pit was a part of me I could choose to ignore. You seem to be actively trying to experience it. You are engaging your sadness, which is objectively good for working through depression. It may not be what you might call 'conventional' but everyone does their thing a little differently :) If what you are doing no longer works for you though, it might be best to start looking for other (healthy) ways of working through that discomfort. Personally, when I feel that pit, I know what thoughts tend to follow it. Fortunately, my therapists (and my stay at hospital) helped me come up with ways to attack that pit when it hit me hard. In order to redirect those thoughts that create it, I try to reach out to anyone in my support net. It's hard because I feel like they won't give a shit, but most of the time, they do (but I often choose to ignore that reality). Or I will simply write some positive words here, on this. Reaching out to others here in positive ways is not just for others, but for my own sake as well. As you put so well, giving that pit a 'purpose'. But don't cover that feeling up. Continue to engage with it, as best as you can. It's there for a reason. Hopefully, the more you work with it, the easier it is to process and let go.;weak
People are generally selfish and inconsiderate. Different people have different ideas of what friendship is, or should be. You are not crazy, they just don't understand your emotional needs.;weak
It's okay to have a shitty day. It's allowed to defeat you occasionally. What happened?;weak
I don't want to be here either after 25+ years of this bullshit. 4 suicide attempts later though I've realised that nonsense. I'm here if I like it or not and you are too. The reason we're both still here is because something is keeping us here. You may not know what the fuck that is yet, 'cause I sure as fuck didn't, but with time you really will. It may be to keep watch over delicate friends. It may be to provide entertainment by being a funny motherfucker, it might be there because you're a genius that doesn't know how to communicate with the rest of us idiots. My point is, you're clearly an intelligent person that struggles with emotional bombardment, and treat it like that. Suicide isn't as easy as people say. It takes real guts and my 4 times were a cry for help. I know people that have gone the full way so FFS find something in you that you do actually like, fuck what other people think, and press forward my friend. You've got it in you.;weak
What's making you want to? I feel like this sometimes.;no
I care, man. Hang in there, things will get better eventually.;weak
I'm sorry you're feeling lonely. Do you want to vent about any of that stuff here? I may not know what to say, but I promise I'll read it.;strong
I'm with you. Let's take it one day at a time. What can we do today that will help?;weak
"Ok, how deeply did you cut yourself and with what? If it is bleeding a lot, clean it up, run it under water, don't let the blood dry and go nasty. Pat it dry. Bandage it up, if you can. Also if you have some antiseptic cream, use some of that on it. Don't drink any more for now, maybe try and get some sleep or have a nice bath or shower or watch tv or something so you can calm down. Please see a professional- a doctor or a therapist or something. Self harm is very serious. I have been doing it for many years, and it is a difficult addiction to break out of. If you feel the urge to cut again, take a deep breath, count to 10. Write your feelings down or draw them out, even if you don't think you're a great artist or whatever. It will help to get the emotions out. Do you have a good friend you can talk to about it? Or a pet or even a stuffed toy? Talking helps. I'm sorry you're feeling this way. Please let me know if you want to talk. You are a strong person &lt;3";strong
Strangely.I feel deeply so I know I will always suffer deeply.;no
Hugs. You do matter. Depression tricks you into thinking the worst.;weak
I can tell you this much: If you can tell whether or not the medication is making a positive difference, then I'd say that it's worth enduring the negative side effects. As a side note, I feel like I've heard of/known people who eventually weened themselves off of their meds and ended up not needing them, but it's probably different from person to person. I have no idea what the future holds for you, and there's probably no definitive way to predict how things will end up for you and your medication, so good luck.;weak
What if you are already putting your life ahead of others, but you are still depressed?;no
Wow great fucking advice. I no longer have to be sad or anything. You know cured. going to go dance on rainbows!;strong
Me too. Me too. Not the only thing that makes me hate this awful society.;no
Yes right. So my rational mind would tell me right now dealing with something but as experience has showed me I will be better once through it. So the practical thing for me to do would be to relax and be aware of my tendencies to fall victim to my emotions which in turn produce thoughts that are self destructive and wasting my time. See to be emotional is irrationality and far from practical. Take some time out and just breathe and let the shit go...you got this. you are right now...literally and I want to fall into those emotions and spread the way I feel everywhere. I want those who love me to know and those who hate me to know more but in the f u kinda way. But we because we have been here before and got through it-and we were happy again-and bam we are here now. But we will be happy again. You know what would make me happy right buffalo wings lol...like for real. That is the break through-realizing that it fucking sucks sometimes. So what, supposed too...because that is what makes buffalo wings sooo much better hahahaha. I hope you feel better all I wish for you!!!;weak
sorry to hear that, but been in a similar situation after taking some time off of school. My best advice is to take the minimum amount of classes possible so you get too overwhelmed. For me essential to plan my assignments in advance, so that I can just do things one by one and not let it all get piled up cuz then I wanna die. Also, if you need a break, take one. School will always be there but good to take care of yourself too :);strong
I feel you there and I am so sorry! Those people suck!;strong
8 years of very severe, suicidal depression, I feel you, mate. I'm incredibly sorry.;strong
It gets better.... hang in;weak
I looked at your post history(sorry, I'm nosy) and what caught my eye was that you were upset that you feel girls don't find you attractive. The key there was you said you don't even bother talking to them. A fear of rejection is what keeps most people single, I think. Even just smiling at a girl when she walks by might make you feel better. If she gives you that, What do you want, weirdo? look, that's her insecurity, and those aren't the kind of people you want in your life anyways. Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder. My problem is the opposite, I'm skinny as a rail and short. Upon putting myself out there, I found that some people actually think I'm attractive. You're your own worst critic, so I sincerely doubt your just un-lovably ugly. And about your weight, treat it like an RPG, make a game of losing weight. You'll start to feel better about yourself the more you lose. It can be kind of fun to work on yourself, especially when you start to see results. I was talking to my parents the other day, and calorie counting apparently worked wonders on them. Do some research and see what's best for you, I'm no doctor. Hope this helps.;no
I was like this at 16-18 all I wanted to do was sit in front of my computer and not leave the house. It wasn't like I was actually doing anything productive but on youtube / games I was just rotting and completely ok with it because it stopped me feeling that deep void inside and the negative voice. I am now 28. Iv'e managed to find a little bit more of a balance between technology and life but I am still depressed and cycle in and out of this. I would look into an addiction though, it is possible to be addicted to electronics (especially gaming and the internet). If you feel like you're agitated and your depression is linked into computer usage you might want to consider that your depression and negativity is linked into an addiction.;no
It's always sunny above the clouds;weak
Try to let this show you that it isent your time, things can be better, it doesn't happen overnight although you wish it too. Please think of yourself and everyone who loves you too, we only get one shot at this life, please don't. If you need to talk, I'm here;weak
I'm sorry. That's horrible... Are things getting better there, at least?;strong
thanks, friend. do the same for you.;weak
I think it's real, but not that all depressed people have it. I think I have both an irrational pessimistic bias and a rational pessimistic bias. My beliefs in pessimistic philosophies such as existential nihilism, the right to die, antinatalism, veganism, and disapproval of wild animal suffering are rationally justified. I believe that I'm correct that life is pointless, unnecessary, and more painful than pleasurable. I think that most people have an irrational optimism bias that makes them unaware of how awful the world really is.;no
Where does self exile exist as I never found it;no
The sadness will not last forever. Tell us more about your predicament and I'll offer some advice and help!;weak
I also wish to know!;no
why don't you actually respond to posts? Clearly you are not here to talk if you won't actually talk when someone already initiates conversation on the post.;no
"Why the heck do we hate ourselves?! Man such as crappy lie we have bought from seriously the pit of hell. Nothing else could be so evil as to make us not believe we are worthy and deserving of a good life just as much as everyone else. Sorry to get weird there, it just makes me mad that anyone has to feel this way about themselves. Anyway, I have one scar on my arm from one time that I tried that and there forever. It still makes me sad when I see it. so sorry for what pain you are in. There will be a time in your future where you will not feel so much pain and will hopefully even feel better about yourself &amp; the future you will be so thankful if you permanently scar your face.";strong
Holy shit I can relate so well to this.;strong
That's great OP, the first step in overcoming the depression and the shitty feelings is being ready to ask for help. Talking can be very helpful and sometimes it feels good to let your feelings out. How are you doing today?;weak
I'm sorry to hear that. If you are able to you could channel that sadness into a drawing or poem or something like that. It might help a little.;strong
You sound like my kind of person. What are you making? Also hope you enjoy the H3H3 podcast, going to listen to it in a bit myself.;weak
Can you add a little more information to your post? It is kind of vague, confusing (as far as blaming [depression?] on new medicine), and hard to comment on.;no
"Why the heck do we hate ourselves?! Man such as crappy lie we have bought from seriously the pit of hell. Nothing else could be so evil as to make us not believe we are worthy and deserving of a good life just as much as everyone else. Sorry to get weird there, it just makes me mad that anyone has to feel this way about themselves. Anyway, I have one scar on my arm from one time that I tried that and there forever. It still makes me sad when I see it. so sorry for what pain you are in. There will be a time in your future where you will not feel so much pain and will hopefully even feel better about yourself &amp; the future you will be so thankful if you permanently scar your face.";strong
What's the message. I am curious;no
Sometimes the people who care are the ones you least expect, talk to someone who you trust alot and tell them everything... sometimes advice from someone you know personally, has more impact then someone from the internet.... all you can really do is talk it it and, if it gets worse, GO TO A DOCTOR, hope i helped a bit -Kyle;weak
What kind of connections do you want / need?;no
If you're ever feeling really down and feel you have nobody to talk to always call a help line. Plus what even if calling does nothing it's first occupied you for some time so that you don't do anything else and secondly it's better then not even bothering to call at all. Please call a help line and trust me it's what you need to do right now.;weak
You're not alone. The few really close friends I've had have all moved overseas, and moved on with their lives. I'm all alone in the city I grew up in. It's a surreal feeling. For each day that passes I feel more and more antisocial, and it only gets harder to reach out to people, and the more time I spend alone, the less I have to say to the people around me. It's a vicious circle and I don't know how to escape it.;weak
Unfortunately, yes :( for me at least. It causes big problems in my relationship and it sucks. It might not be that way for everyone though;no
Check in with us! I hope we shed some light for you in there. Hugs.;strong
Actually I get this a lot. Can't bake a fucking cake? Can't use the coffee machine without creating a mess? Can't make a stupid toast AND drop it? I don't know if it's helpful but right after such things happened I imagine how hundreds of other people on earth experience the same situation right now. Helps me sometimes.;weak
I get it. I got out of my bed, picked up my books (to study), my pc, but then just went to another bed I have at home. :/;weak
Same. And somehow I always trick myself into believing I'll find it some day. How fucking naive am i.;no
roll with the bald look i say! i dont really think twice when i see a bald person, regardless of age :);weak
Hi friend! :) I'm really sorry you're in such pain :( sometimes the people we have around us can't see the pain we're in because they don't want to (they may see it, not know how to help us, and are afraid to because it may cause them pain). This may seem like useless advice, but it can greatly help if you tell the other people exactly how you're feeling and ask them to try and help you. Nobody will ever be inside your head and able to experience exactly what you are feeling, but by talking to them and letting them know, you can help them to understand you. Sometimes we have to do the hardest part of reaching out ourselves. I had to tell my best friend I was feeling suicidal, but by telling her she helped me turn my life around. She just didn't realise. It's never easy to do, but I can promise you that you are so much stronger than you know, and there are always people willing to listen and to try to understand what you're going through. Lastly, I hope you don't die. Not until you've been able to live the life that you want, the life that you deserve to have. I'm sending you love and luck.;strong
Meditation helps to rewire the brain... it's how I've stayed med free with bipolar. Your brain starts to go for relaxation and calm instead of a default down feeling or thought. But you have to keep doing it over and over, even when it feels like it's not working. It's not for everyone though! Mindfulness is a way of moving through life slowly for Me, finding little bits of joy in the smallest things like making and drinking a drink. This is what got me out of bed in my darkest days...;no
Sorry to hear that. Hopefully it goes by quick.;strong
how deep does the rabbit hole go?;no
Well fair enough. I'm sorry there isn't anything I can say to help :/;strong
I'm so sorry. Are u ok;strong
Your mom sounds verbally abusive. I'm sorry you feel like this. I hope things get better for you soon.;strong
Sometimes I find treating it like that can help, though sometimes obviously I am just very clean and unhappy, with wrinkly fingertips. I wish there was better advice I could give but it's the old don't think about X problem. I hope you shake them off soon.;weak
Always wanted to be painter. Unfortunately my drawings are not even worth. I do enjoy drawing and painting even though it is abysmal.;no
Appreciate that you have someone to love I guess I don't know the situation. Sorry you feel that way. Guys like me will never have anyone to love though so yay at least you aren't me;weak
Libido goes early for me too;no
I'm so sorry you feel that way. Would you like to elaborate? I'm here if you need to chat;strong
People ask me why I'm zoned out most of the time. I'm not zoned out, I'm just in bot mode so I don't have to be attached to anything. It helps me supress the depressive thoughts but every night, it all just flows back in. I hate it.;no
I'm unsure of your situation but, I want to tell you that there is such a thing called the negativity bias. It might just be not seeing the success that is occurring, trust me it sucks as I am trying to get over it myself. maybe taking a moment and thinking about a small victory and how you can expand on that victory might help. But no matter what I want you to succeed.;weak
I hear you. So well. And I'm so sorry you feel that way. I left my difficult-to-get-into art school because of this (and my classmates treated it like high school and were jerks, but thats irrelevant). It's not easy.;strong
Thought I was ok and it passed away for half a year, but now it is coming back, and it hits twice as bad as before.;no
Hang in there. You are not alone. Tell me what's going on.;weak
Dont do it man. I consider it every day, but you need to keep pulling forward. even if the world throws everything at you, you need to keep pulling strong. Even of you dont believe it, things will get better.;weak
I find that how you view failure is tied to your expectations quite heavily. Or also the pressure of feeling others' expectations of you on your shoulders. I still haven't worked things out that I'm able to effectively handle failure myself, but mainly people can feel better when they fail, because they recognise it as a learning experience, or it is an inevitable part of the process. Now this may sound obvious, but when in the moment, it is very easy to forget this and lose sight of progress after the failure. Failure can appear in many forms. My expectation of a 'good outcome', instead was a horrible mistake... Or was it? I'm sorry to hear you feeling even worse after your suicide attempt. Just know that I believe you are alive, and fighting, and you will come out of this stronger.;strong
Do you want to talk about it?  (I realized that sentence kinda sounds sarcastic wasn't meant to be);weak
Two things. First, instinct. I won't stop needing food, water, sex, etc. Something drives me towards those things even in my darkest moments. It's like my lizard brain wants to survive, but the more advanced brain wants to disappear. Lizard brain often wins. Second, recognizing we weren't meant to be happy. Nothing created us to receive a constant flood of feel good chemicals. The creator of this game called life is a sick, sick thing. When I can laugh at it, I'm better. When I welcome it, I'm unstoppable.;no
how's your diet? lack of energy could be related to malnutrition.;no
Of course you don't have to be perfect. As long as you're doing your best, that's all you can do. Everyone makes mistakes, no one is perfect. Hang in there bud.;weak
Why was the blonde excited about taking 6 months to finish her puzzle? The box said 2-4 years lol;no
I know. Exactly how I feel. If I can barely survive now, never make it.;weak
I'm so sorry, grah88. I hope your grief doesn't overwhelm you. You can get through this and I'm rooting for you.;strong
its not about her as such its more so like the fact i tried again and failed. but you know i hate swallowing pills so i doubt ill be able to swallow enough to kill me. I am up to about 11 so far;no
The world is a vampire, sent to drain Secret destroyers, hold you up to the flames And what do I get, for my pain? Betrayed desires, and a piece of the game.;no
Your mom sounds verbally abusive. I'm sorry you feel like this. I hope things get better for you soon.;strong
Seems accurate. I just had a horrible day where the floodgates burst due to all the stuff that was building up the past few weeks that I couldn't let out.;no
I'd like to be in a chat group to get to know people with different experiences of depression, but I don't know of any.;no
Yes! Dating can get you out of depression. Not without medical attention though. I'd tell from the get go;weak
what do you like doing?;no
Hey man, I'm there with ya. My ex broke up with me in the fall and I'm still hurting over it. I know it sucks really hard, and I can't say it gets easier, but I know there a LOT of other people feeling the same thing, including me. Hang in there man, it's the most you can do.;weak
If any consolation, she probably cares about you a lot if she stayed with you for 3 years. got her own mental health to take care of, and okay. I hope it bring you down too much. This is a good opportunity for you to focus on your own mental health as well. not saying probable, but maybe she still likes you and would be willing to give it another try when/if you find ways to cope with your depression. take a lot of self introspection and time, however. Stay strong. Get better. Take baby steps. get there when ready.;weak
omg lol I 100% blame my parents. After taking an AP Psychology course at my school, it kind of shifted my own perspective on my depression. I know I can't claim to be an expert after reading just one textbook, but even an idiot can realize that your behavior and who you are is just totally as a result of your parents. The genetic aspects aren't their fault of course, but they are perfect human specimens, so you can imagine what 17 years of always being wrong has done to my self esteem and thought process. Strangely, being cognizant of that fact doesn't change it much. Of course, I've directly told my parents I blame them for who I am, and as perfect specimens, they told me that I can't keep blaming them for everything. There's truth to that of course, but it's rather incredible that they can find the gall to abdicate themselves of all guilt and responsibility. I'd better just get on my hands and knees and obey their every whim, since they're the ones who work and pay for my existence, regardless of whether or not I can actually do jack shit about that (child labor laws, yo). Lol sorry your post is just so relatable I had to rant.;strong
Dear Anna_rampage. Thank you for your kind words. I'm just a regular lonely nobody, but it means the world for me to hear that. That someone really cares. Thank you so much =) It brighten my day.;strong
summed up my feelings in a few sentences. Every. Single. Waking moment. Is shit. Hobbies help. Exercise help. Talking to friends is now a chore. literally all shit.;no
I'm sorry man. I wish I could take the pain away.;strong
yes! so sorry that's happening to you, but it feels good to relate - I see a lot of posts about having great dreams. I have at least one bad dream almost every night - and the feeling *always* bleeds into my day, especially if it was confusing or made me question reality. I have dreams all the time about my little sisters getting hurt, and it makes me worry for them. just today I had some kind of sleep paralysis (I don't know if that's the right word, I looked it up but it didn't seem to fit) and honestly I'm scared to fall asleep tonight because I do not want it to happen again. it's happened several times and it terrifies me. you're not alone, friend.;strong
Yea. Sorry. I know how you feel. feeling very alone today.;strong
I'm really sorry you're feeling this way. A person can be cared for by dozens and still feel alone, depression is a monster. I hope you're able to make progress against it in your own way, or by talking to people you trust, living the life you want to live, or by obtaining professional help. Please send me a message if you would like to talk to someone privately.;strong
Have you watched Samurai Champloo?;no
I'm pretty upset myself haha, but let's talk about you, you wanna talk about yourself? what's been going on?;weak
I personally haven't, but from what I've read online a great deal of people don't regret it, they only feel shame because they failed and already plan their next attempt. There was a statistic floating around on here recently that suicide survivors are more likely to attempt it again than other people.;no
It is. It's very tough to keep going. I can't tell you how to make it stop, I wish I could. I just try to focus on the next very small thing I can do. I'm sorry dude. You aren't alone, I promise.;strong
I can agree with every single thing you have listed there, and experience them all. It is not normal for a 24 year old good looking, well educated man to be feeling this way - but I have never felt right in life. The biggest thing that kills me is that I have never experienced a relationship or genuine friendship in my life. I find myself completely and utterly alone every day. My only communication is with my clients by email. I do leave the house, but it's only to go to the grocery store or for a walk - by myself of course. I read on the internet about all these wonderful holiday destinations that i'd love to visit, but I can barely afford it and going by myself is not enticing at all. Just sick of it..;weak
Happy birthday. And crying is always okay. :);weak
I do not know you, nor do I know your situation but just know that is purely depression talking. As someone who feels inadequate everyday because I met my school/career goals yet, I struggle constantly with feeling like a failure. You will get through this. It seem like it will getter better but I promise you that it will.;weak
I can feel myself spiraling into another deep depression but I can't do anything to stop it. I just realized today that as I sat in a room full of my friends I felt alone and unhappy. It also doesn't help to watch my mother drink obscene amounts of alcohol, destroying her mind, and not being able to do anything about it.;no
Ah I'm sorry :( Panic attack are awful but you certainly shouldn't feel embarrassed!;strong
I know the feeling. Time heals wounds brother....;weak
Will pray for you my friend.;weak
Yea, but it's not because I feel like I don't deserve happiness. I go through periods of isolation usually if I feel overwhelmed by life. I just need everything to stop. I also have suffered depression for about 20 years and know that it's not fun to be around me during a flare up. And during deep depression episodes I can't handle other people really.;no
Just do your best man. going through dark times (probably the worst of my entire life), just keep trucking on.;weak
Sure, I might be able to give some advice. What is on your mind? Feel free to PM me or to reply here. Whatever you are more comfortable with.;weak
I understand, and our current society help. Would you like to chat, I know hard to find someone who you can express with so if you want that here.;weak
It happens to me every day.My doctor just thinks my body is too sensitive and reacts to my emotions.;no
Perhaps that's not such a bad thing for the time being - at least it sounds like you're still doing the necessities of life whether you want to or not and whether there's anything resembling pleasure in it. It seems that's how I've been operating for a few years myself - doing things because I have to not because I want to. At least we're doing them, maybe we'll get our mojo back and want to do something later.;no
If she doesn't, you should ask about it. Talk at the beginning of the session and say I would really like to know your assessment of what's going on with me. I feel like it would really help me to know what you think, and what you think would help me get better;no
Not stupid!!! Everyone gets that same feeling;no
been feeling it all the time for years now, its like tried so hard to make it better but it go away;no
I wish I was a short story. Life feels like its so drawn out. I want someone to just hurry up and get to the end;no
Oh shit man please fucking don't. Firstly death by acid is more painful than having your DNA ripped apart by radiation. Secondly, explain your life situation to me and we can talk, I'm here for you;strong
I did, but I realized that I'd probably mean that much to some one else some day, and I wouldn't want to miss a day with them.;no
omg lol I 100% blame my parents. After taking an AP Psychology course at my school, it kind of shifted my own perspective on my depression. I know I can't claim to be an expert after reading just one textbook, but even an idiot can realize that your behavior and who you are is just totally as a result of your parents. The genetic aspects aren't their fault of course, but they are perfect human specimens, so you can imagine what 17 years of always being wrong has done to my self esteem and thought process. Strangely, being cognizant of that fact doesn't change it much. Of course, I've directly told my parents I blame them for who I am, and as perfect specimens, they told me that I can't keep blaming them for everything. There's truth to that of course, but it's rather incredible that they can find the gall to abdicate themselves of all guilt and responsibility. I'd better just get on my hands and knees and obey their every whim, since they're the ones who work and pay for my existence, regardless of whether or not I can actually do jack shit about that (child labor laws, yo). Lol sorry your post is just so relatable I had to rant.;strong
How about going for a walk? I was never a smoker, so I can't speak from experience, but walking or exercising helped me when I had cravings (eating disorder and drug related). It made me feel better to get out of the house and enjoy the scenery of a nice park. Maybe take a book or listen to music. Take it easy, if you smoke frequently you might get out of breath quickly. Bring some water and a snack or some candy. Also picking up an easy hobby to keep your hands busy, like sketching or origami? I started folding paper cranes to keep my anxiety at bay and it really helped.;no
Medications work differently for everyone. Usually your doctor or psychiatrist will prescribe you with different ones depending on what you have tried that hasn't worked. I have personally been trialling all different medications for approximately 4 years now with no luck, I have been through almost all of the available medications.;no
I don't want to be here either after 25+ years of this bullshit. 4 suicide attempts later though I've realised that nonsense. I'm here if I like it or not and you are too. The reason we're both still here is because something is keeping us here. You may not know what the fuck that is yet, 'cause I sure as fuck didn't, but with time you really will. It may be to keep watch over delicate friends. It may be to provide entertainment by being a funny motherfucker, it might be there because you're a genius that doesn't know how to communicate with the rest of us idiots. My point is, you're clearly an intelligent person that struggles with emotional bombardment, and treat it like that. Suicide isn't as easy as people say. It takes real guts and my 4 times were a cry for help. I know people that have gone the full way so FFS find something in you that you do actually like, fuck what other people think, and press forward my friend. You've got it in you.;weak
Lmao that's my plan honestly. Got sick of it, can't stomach shelling out $700+ a month when I earn $8 an hour just for a shitty apartment I'll never have time to spend in because I'm worried about making the rent for it. It's depressing and monotonous. I'm personally building a van to live out of right now, I plan to leave in the summer. I think of you have any itch to get out there and do something that makes you feel whole you should do it. I've dealt with depression long enough and frankly I'm sick of it, so I'm trying something a little new. Travel, fresh people, fresh scenes, fresh work. It won't be the most luxurious life but it'll probably provide more than the norm of working all day every day.;no
Woohoo I just got 100%;no
Is there anywhere else you can go? A shelter or a friend's house or move in with a sibling or something? :(;no
Great Work!!! Wanted to tell you I too am proud of you. I saw someone as well after a last year. I am very proud of you and ever think there is anything wrong with seeing someone!;strong
I feel like I'm walking in a pile of knee high mud;no
I'm new to idk how it really works. Is there like a friends list to add people or something?;no
Do you have anger issues as well? I've been feeling like this too with head pressure. Sometimes it fluctuates and it ranges in its severity, but definitely seems the pressure is there when I'm most in a depressed state.;no
I tried various strengths of Zoloft. It did help a little, but only with certain symptoms for me. I'm also still in the process of getting a correct/official diagnosis though.;no
Woah... that's accurate. The posts in this sub today really reflect me. This is very truthful, I just live with it;strong
Definitely anxiety related for me. usually okay but had a stressful night a few nights ago and just felt nauseous since. Gets really bad when just laying in bed to the point where I sleep cause I think gonna throw up hoping it passes soon;no
Are you on any medications? This can actually be a side effect of certain meds.;no
Talk to someone online, it's sometimes much easier to get friendly with on the net, there are a lot of lonely people there. When I'm feeling down and there is literally no-one there to talk to it helps me to engage in come conversation in open hobbyists communities. Even having fun chat about anything at all (not a support/getting it out of your chests talk) can make all the difference when you don't have anyone else to talk with. The additional benefit is possibility to get motivated to do something new and interesting. It might not be a substitute for talking with a real friend (online or not) about your feelings but if you are so lonely it hurts it's still something.;weak
Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! (is doing *weird* things with my formatting.)  It's your birthday. You can be any way you want. You can want people to make a big deal even if you are depressed and want to not let them at the same time. You day, your rules. Happy happy 19:);strong
I'm not entirely certain what reaction you're getting, but I hope you'll give those around you a little slack if they can't be as openly receptive and caring as you need at first. I'm sort of the designated problem solver in my circle, so quite a few of my friends come to me for advice and sympathy. It's never, never a burden. Instead, it's an honor. They trust me with their secrets, their problems, and value my opinion enough to ask for it. Reverse the situation. Aren't you glad when someone comes to you? The thing is, not everyone is built for that. Especially, I have found, it can sort of weird people out when the Rock, the Stable One, the One Person In This Messed Up World Who Has Their Stuff Together needs help. I mean, here's the person they go to and they rely on when they need support... and that person needs support. Suddenly you're not Superman anymore and it can be a bit disconcerting. Perhaps try introducing A problem at a time, slowly, and seeing if they can get used to you also being a normal human with issues. Good luck!!;no
Yeah. I say I'm okay because getting help is scary and difficult.;no
If she doesn't have or doesn't want to give a reason, trying to force it out of her isn't going to help anyone. Acknowledge that it is over and find a hobby or something to do with your time.;weak
Sorry for your loss, but don't feel guilty, there's probably a reason why you feel that way. Also, your feelings might clear with time.;strong
It could be a medical condition, and you shouldn't be ashamed. I recommend you see a doctor about it.;weak
Oh shit man please fucking don't. Firstly death by acid is more painful than having your DNA ripped apart by radiation. Secondly, explain your life situation to me and we can talk, I'm here for you;strong
By spending time with people, in person. You'll probably fuck up a lot, make lots of social faux pas, feel like your the biggest idiot in the world (I do pretty regularly). However after a while you'll get better at being a 'normie'. Well as normal as people can be. We're all a fucking mess with no idea what we're doing, we just find other people who are a mess that are fun to hang out with.;no
Maybe one day things will become brighter for you to see it in a better light so that dream job might be ideal;weak
I assume that you don't agree that you're important. Are you overlooking things in the relationship that show that you actually are?;no
I'm so sorry you're going through this.. My dog passed away two months ago so I know how painful it is :( I adopted another dog, I was still upset but it definitely helped me with the grieving process.;strong
I'm trying to increase my self worth so I stop doing this exact thing. My frustration immediately gets taken out on the one thing I seem to hate the most: me. I've started to set small goals for myself every day so each day feels like a success when I achieve those goals. This has led me to branch out and actually put myself out there. In doing so I'm discovering a passion for mental health advocacy and rekindling a love for doing creative stuff. I'm not saying everything has immediately gotten better. Holy shit it hasn't. But this helps at least a little for me! Hope you can find omething that works for you. Let me know if you wanna talk about it;weak
Happy birthday, you should proud that you've made it another year. I'm proud of you haha;weak
Nah man, What you're saying is actually quite common of someone who is good at art. Most people with a high degree or artistic talent are really good at *recognizing* good art, but get frustrated because their own art doesn't live up to the crazy high standard they've set for themselves. Malcom Gladwell suggests that it takes 10,000 hours to gain mastery in something. Art is a skill just like anything else. I think a lot of people get fooled into this You either have it or you don't mentality when it comes to creative arts. It's just not the case. I think it's more important that you actually have an obsession and something that you want to be good at! Most people don't have that. Just keep practicing and never give up. If you have the drive you will succeed eventually. You'll get better and better every day.;weak
I am sorry...time helps more or less, it's hard to forget someone like that, 4 months later, I am not sure if I feel any different unfortunately..;strong
so sorry hurting so much. here.;strong
I'm very proud of you too! Remember the great feeling of success you have right now it will help you next time you have the urge.;strong
it's real life and it sucks sometimes but our mission is to collect all the good moments and make a sweet little stash to be proud of.;no
Yes. This world was not for me.;no
I am. It's hard to be sober, because I don't feel like the fun joyful person I am when I'm drunk. When I'm not drunk I'm depressed and anxious and in pain and I hate it. And I'm sorry that you're feeling like this :( I'm here for ya;strong
Well been a shitty day, as always.;no
Whoa, easy. Whoever she is, and whatever you did, chances are not as irreparable as you think. Time will heal most wounds. And if it is really irreparable, then you move on. One incident is not indicative of your worth as a human being, nor does one opinion determine whether you are good or bad. It might hurt to move on, like *really* hurt, but alright. normal.;weak
It's fucking weird. I often have to bring every ounce of willpower up to bring myself to go to a party with frends, even though I know it will be good. But once I'm there, I'm often the Life of the Party, or so I think. I had people coming up to me, greeting me by my name and telling me how much fun they had last time we had met each other. Which was a year ago. For the first and last time since. I barely remembered their faces and not a single name. So I guess I left an impression. I really like to banter, to do play on words and take words from their mouth and turn them around in a fun way. I joke and tell stories with expressive facial expressions and big gestures. I'm sarcastic, sometimes even cynical. And I joke a lot about myself, mostly in a non-flattering way. I think people like me in general, I seldomly had someone outright refuse to interact with me. But on the other hand, as soon as I come home, I feel a crushing void and I feel alone and that everything is pointless. Those feelings remain in my day-to-day life. And it starts to interfere with my work, for example. I am not one to contain my feelings in an enviroment where I spend most of my days and life in. My boss already told me once, in a pretty long phase of being really depressed, that even my collegues said that something must be seriously wrong and the have no fun working around and with me if I'm in such mood. I can be fun at work, too. I made my co-workers laugh on a lot f different occasions. But that happens in good phases. But there are very bad phases where I, at best, don't say a single word all day unless absolutly necessary and at worst, I am filled with rage the whole day and can't contain it. Last week I was as close to quitting my job as I was never before. Maybe it would be best for all.  Whatever, long story short: I think I can be really funny, too. Despite the fact I feel fucking miserable inside or do not feel anything at all.;no
That's wonderful news, you should be proud of that progress.;weak
Thing will only start looking up when you do. Its ok to feel down and hurt for a bit, but don't let it consume you. I briefly looked through your post history, you're going through a break up, it's understandable. I am also going through a break up and depression came with it. You gave your heart to someone and expected them to so the same. When they didn't you became devastated. The truth is you're a loving caring compassionate kind person and deserves someone who wants you always. It will work out, things will get better but you have to try and make them better.;weak
been on cit for a year. it still leaves me feeling pretty tired. it's better when i take my dose at night rather than in the morning and any tiredness is worth the benefits of the drug in my case :);no
I was thinking the same thing like a minute ago. It's kinda reassuring to know I won't have the courage to take my own life, but I'm scared at the thought of what if I'll find the courage? honestly.;no
yes I have experienced that, still do from time to time. you are not alone;weak
Hi there. No one on this earth is worthless, even if you feel that way now. It gets better, things change, you will change. I browsed through your post history and noticed how young you are. The age you're in is a horrible hormonic stage. My son had the same feelings at that age-range. I did too. Even if life feels overwhelming and lonely now, this will pass eventually. Be patient. I have to go for a while, but will get back to you with how my son learned to cope. Hang in there. A big motherly hug to you!;strong
Sorry this is over a month old but I do hope you are feeling better. The thing about bottom is, there is only one other place to go. Talking things out with someone often puts things into perspective but even the act of just getting things off your chest usually helps. Let me know if you want to chat, I will listen.;weak
I'm sorry. I wish I could help. I feel the same way.;strong
Similar for me. I fell like depression makes you care less about yourself. I remember once walking the streets and jaywalking at every corner. I was like, so what if I get hit by a car, worst case scenario I die, it's not as if that matters. I wasn't actively trying to get myself killed, just ignored my surroundings and my own safety. Fortunately I snapped out of it at some point, or I might not be here anymore.;weak
don't. This is just an advice, my way of looking at things. I believe that you are not surrounding yourself with the right people, but it's true that most of the times we don't really get to choose who we meet. Having a caring heart is nothing to be ashamed of, and it would be a pity if your kindness gets lost in the midst of the crowd just because you want to fit in. There are a lot of people like you, that I can assure you, so as long as you are at peace with your thoughts and with who you are I'd suggest you should keep on being yourself. Take care (:;no
*hug* I can't remember the last time someone apart from my mom hugged me either, I need a hug or a cuddle so bad, the lack of intimacy with anyone is killing me. I feel incredibly lonely and empty all the time. I don't know how long I can go on. Best of luck!;strong
Why do you hate yourself OP? We all make mistakes in life. But, we learn from it, grow, and hope to make better decisions moving forward. That's part of life. Is there something that's causing you to feel guilt, or shame? Hope everything turns out okay...;weak
I'm sorry you have to deal with that toxic kind of person. If I may ask I imagine you still live with her and have to deal with this kind of garbage pretty often?;strong
I'll be honest, I feel kinda sorry for you. You have completely nobody? Perhaps you had some people, but due to some things those relationships didn't work out?;strong
Sorry to hear you're feeling this way Can you see a doctor or a psychiatrist? They can help you get anti depressant medication. They will also probably tell you to make an appointment with a therapist and to see a therapist regularly. Hope this helps;strong
Try not doing it to expect something in return. It feels really forced. I know you probably don't actually care, but pretend like you really do, with the mentality that you're doing this to make them feel better. It's gonna take some acting, but it has to be genuine.;no
U kidding man? Being an adult is way better. I'm not bullied my teacher who abuse their power and I can spend my money however I want, go wherever I want. Being a kid was really suffocating for me by comparison, Idk;no
That's hard. Especially if you're the type of person to post in this sub. Loving yourself is really difficult. But loving others is easier. And I do love you. When you love others, I find, its easier to love yourself. Even just saying the words and seeing it echoed back makes me feel good. I hope I helped.;strong
I'm so sorry you feel that way. Would you like to elaborate? I'm here if you need to chat;strong
Shoot yourself in the face with kindness. Go and treat you some motherfucking chocolate and some fucking videogames and calm the holy fucking fuck down. This was a lot of fucking swearing but even fucking think about killing your damn self. You will leave some fucking people who will for fucking fuck sake miss you. So - as as friendly reminder - please kill you! *You* *matter* ! Never ever think about this again or even post this shit. I want you to stay alive and fucking nail it! You can do it, buddy!;weak
I'm wondering if depression is affecting my memory as well. I used to be able to remember people's names pretty well, and I used to be able to retain a lot of information and remember things about people. Now I have to write everything down or I *will* forget it, and my brain becomes overloaded with information extremely quickly, so I can only take in so much. I don't know where my ability to remember helpful information about people (favorite color, birthday, etc.) even went. I'm not sure I'm even fully processing what I'm learning in school.;no
I wanna be lonely with you guys to. Here's one big lonely hug , squeeze hard might be the only one you get. I'm alone by myself oh so lonely, just want to feel close to another like myself, I'm blown away by the shear lone that has overcome me, will I ever break the chains that imprisoned me to lonliness. Am I to endure this for the rest of my life?;strong
I'm sorry you feel like this. My daughter has tried to kill herself 3 times and I pretty much have been mentally preparing myself for the worst for the last 6 months bc she was so so depressed and non responsive to meds, therapy etc. Then the craziest thing happened...she got involved in an old hobby, met new people she had stuff in common with, and just 5 minutes ago told me that she is going out to lunch with someone from that group. My point is...things can change. I hope things can change for you soon.;strong
I'm so sorry, I understand your loss. My grandma just passed away on 05/26. It's hard to accept that we will never spend time with them again and that everything we have now is just our memories. I know it seems cliche, but it really does get better with time.;strong
Please don't. Its just not right choice make. There is always something that can be done other than that.;strong
"it's just one of those normal things in life, we'll keep on trying and we'll keep on failing. The reason success feels good is because you work for it. Don't let disappointment get to you, look at it this way, being disappointment means you know you could've done better. Your time &amp; effort isn't wasted as long as you learn from what you did. Just keep on. am I making sense? sorry for rambling";weak
Hang in there bro shit happens, I'm going through some similar times right now but it's okay, try to find something to take your mind off them it will help a bunch I'm always down to chat if you want send me a dm.;weak
Hi friend! :) I'm really sorry you're in such pain :( sometimes the people we have around us can't see the pain we're in because they don't want to (they may see it, not know how to help us, and are afraid to because it may cause them pain). This may seem like useless advice, but it can greatly help if you tell the other people exactly how you're feeling and ask them to try and help you. Nobody will ever be inside your head and able to experience exactly what you are feeling, but by talking to them and letting them know, you can help them to understand you. Sometimes we have to do the hardest part of reaching out ourselves. I had to tell my best friend I was feeling suicidal, but by telling her she helped me turn my life around. She just didn't realise. It's never easy to do, but I can promise you that you are so much stronger than you know, and there are always people willing to listen and to try to understand what you're going through. Lastly, I hope you don't die. Not until you've been able to live the life that you want, the life that you deserve to have. I'm sending you love and luck.;strong
It releases a chemical in your body that makes you feel good. I don't remember the name of said chemical though.;no
Being alone is difficult. Honestly it helps to reach out. I reconnected with an old friend. We hadn't been in touch for couple years over a petty argument and a bad experience being roommates. Anyone in your life you could reach out to?;weak
Sorry for your loss, but don't feel guilty, there's probably a reason why you feel that way. Also, your feelings might clear with time.;strong
I'm sorry. This is true for me as well. And they regularly remind me. I think we can get through it though. Actually, that's a lie. I hope you can get through it. I'm not going to be able too.....;strong
I'm so sorry you're going through this.. My dog passed away two months ago so I know how painful it is :( I adopted another dog, I was still upset but it definitely helped me with the grieving process.;strong
That makes me tired just hearing that. Feel free to message me if you want to vent. a good listener;weak
Get help in what way? It's also cool to see someone else my age on here. Well I suppose not cool, it sucks that you're on here and I wish you weren't, but you know what I mean. I hope whatever it is you need help with gets better;weak
That's mean of them. Have you asked why you were not invited?;no
Do you have any close friends you can trust? If so tell them how you feel and if they're your friend they will you help you through this. Also don't think you're not strong enough to cut yourself. Your strong because you haven't. Sending positivity your way. Also I upvoted your posts to help your karma. Not much but I do what I can!;weak
I know. I sadly do not have a good answer. as clueless as you are.;weak
I would consult the doctor before doing anything because a certain amount of one medication can affect others.;no
"Why the heck do we hate ourselves?! Man such as crappy lie we have bought from seriously the pit of hell. Nothing else could be so evil as to make us not believe we are worthy and deserving of a good life just as much as everyone else. Sorry to get weird there, it just makes me mad that anyone has to feel this way about themselves. Anyway, I have one scar on my arm from one time that I tried that and there forever. It still makes me sad when I see it. so sorry for what pain you are in. There will be a time in your future where you will not feel so much pain and will hopefully even feel better about yourself &amp; the future you will be so thankful if you permanently scar your face.";strong
I'm in the same boat. Actually just took way too many pills and hope i don't wake up. If I do then I guess it's not my time. Keep your head up. Its not worth it.;weak
Not in college, maybe never will be, but at this point I'm not even bothered about being alone, in fact I relish it.;no
I'm sorry you're feeling lonely. Do you want to vent about any of that stuff here? I may not know what to say, but I promise I'll read it.;strong
I'm sorry that you feel this way, and if it means anything I hope you wake up tomorrow and things look up a bit;strong
Hey sorry things are blank for you just hold in there and try to find something unique about yourself or make something and give it a purpose in your life. motivation have to come from inside yourself alone it can be other places or times;strong
a cool way of looking at it, I have never felt that way but I hope I can one day. Cheers!;no
I get it. At some point a few years ago I stopped being able to feel joy. Even when I'm feeling stable, I still don't feel *happy*. When I've described this to my therapist and psychiatrist, they challenge me on it -- you talk about good things, don't you feel happy when those happen? -- but I know the difference. It is very much like an old, lost friend. I actually might use that metaphor in therapy this week.;weak
I bought my self kfc, no one is doing anything, or i should say i was invited to nothing. Im sorry to hear that im sure she loves you or why else would you still be living with her. if you just went over to visit im unsure why youd put your self threw that.;strong
I'm glad it worked for you. I've been going for a few weeks and so far it hasnt helped, so good that it helps some people;strong
I always find that crying feels like liquid self pity, but that's probably just cause i'm an asshole to myself a lot.;no
So sorry for your loss;strong
Ah I'm sorry :( Panic attack are awful but you certainly shouldn't feel embarrassed!;strong
Ah I'm sorry :( Panic attack are awful but you certainly shouldn't feel embarrassed!;strong
Sometimes you really need to be reminded of that other side and that you will in fact return to it. Don't make any big decisions when in the heat of the moment. Focus on other things (TV shows, artistic endeavours, school, etc) and return once you've cooled off. Good on you for reaching out for help, my friend. Despite these people not knowing you, we're all in this together. Keep your head up;weak
Quote I've always hung hard into everything will be ok in the end, if it's not okay, it's not the end I understand that is a very hard thing to believe. I went out of it over two and a half years, and I hadn't ever known about these kinds of things until I was 19. Just trying to say it can be done man. Love you;strong
You need to remember that word is bond. One thing that I'm trying really hard to do is to be a best friend to myself. Would i tell my best friend she's incapable of making her own life better? No. I would tell her... yeah you've been having a really hard time and that's understandable but you're strong and you're loved and you're amazing and you have a big heart and mind. You can do this and I'm going to be here for you the whole time.;weak
I'm sorry you're feeling unwell. I can't sleep either. I've been having a couple nights of unrest. I hope you're having better luck than I am. Also, stay strong. I know it's hard and it's a long journey but the fact that you want to stop is a start. Sleep well.;strong
Thats pretty awesome dude smiling is fun.;strong
Came here to say just this;no
Life is like a wave. There are ups and downs. One day, no matter how hard been, your life will get better again. But until then, see all the bad stuff that is going on in your life as because in reality, there is no such thing as or You define if it is. Try to find the postive part in your current situation. There is always a reason, why some things happen. The reason is, to teach you a lesson. For example: if you have no friends (like me), see it as negative. Try to find the lesson behind this experience. In this case, life wants to tell you, that loneliness is not what you, in your deepest self, want. You need persons such as friends around you. Take a desicion now, that you want to be lonely anymore, and life will listen to you and bring you friends again, and if it work, try to know, why it (i know the answer, but a bit complicated (msg me if you want to know)) and what the lesson in this experience is. Also: Life is like a mirror. If you feel lonely inside, the outside world will deliver you that loneliness. pretty simple. So if you want to be lonely anymore, try not to feel lonely (i know fking hard, but you can reach that with more knowledge about the truth (msg me if you want to know more). If you feel lonely inside, that means, that the outside world will automaticlly deliver you NOT-loneliness, which means new persons will enter your life.  Oh also: Life is a paradox. right with love being complicated, but at the same time, the easiest thing you could possibly imagine. If you understand something, just reply :);no
I believe your can dislike an individual's attitude or personality or health but the being itself has no cause for dislike (aside from physical appearance);no
"I would love to hug you irl ;_; *hugs*";weak
I am sorry I'm alive;strong
For what worth it probably mean much coming from a complete stranger but glad it failed, or the world would have just lost 1 more good person and we are low on them as is You can pm me anytime if you wanna talk;strong
"That is a very true definition of sadness. Just out of curiosity, why wouldn't you want to take a risk of trying different medications that might help you? You don't know how they affect you, until you try them. You state that things are unbearable now, so it seems worthwhile to try something that might help you to be happier - even if it causes a side effect of growing a 2nd big toe on your right foot! :)  The internet is hard to scientifically research complicated subjects. Most of the better data &amp; studies are not accessible or behind paywalls.  I hope that you are feeling a little better. We get new opportunities every day, but it is hard to get over mistakes in the past sometimes. Unfortunately, we can't change the past, until I finish the time machine that I'm working on in my basement. :) Feel free to contribute to my Kickstarter fundraiser! :)";weak
Well I can say that I think it's really good that it gets better throughout the day. For me it's the opposite, my mornings are bleh. As the day goes on into the night I feel better, and before bed time I feel depressed. I think everyone is just different and maybe getting your day started gets rid of some mental worries and anticipation;weak
That's awesome. Huge props to you! I haven't gotten that far yet because mine was so well-written (lol) and I'm not convinced I won't need it again. But that'll be a next step for me too.;weak
Is it an excuse if it's true? Depression, I mean.;no
I feel you. I just about jumped off a building a few weeks back, it scares the shit out of me;weak
My ex used to feel like this, as did I (we both had problems) and the best we could do was talk and be completely honest on where we stood with things like this. I hope he doesn't leave just because he maybe feels overwhelmed. But I've been on both ends, and felt a burden as well, so you aren't alone on that. I really do hope things work out. If you ever need a PM buddy, I have a pretty free schedule and am always looking for more pen pals, and possibly more friends.;weak
I think it's social anxiety , that creates paranoid feelings , unless I'm wrong but that's how I feel;no
I hate T.V in general. All those fake ass shows with acting makes me throw up in my mouth. My parents think that it's 'entertaining because it's real', no, it's entertaining because they're paid to be entertaining.;no
Omgosh. I just want to validate this feeling because I have been there. That said, if it's a matter of safety, there is no question. You know that you need to go. You just do it. It's not some kind of failure. You are taking care of yourself. It DOES super suck though. Don't let anyone tell you it's all fine and fun to go through that. I've been there. I've come out the other end and been okay for long periods too though so I mean, it doesn't stay like that. Hang on. It gets better.;weak
For past trauma, I found EMDR pretty effective. It's a technique used in therapy. It's basically designed for PTSD, which sounds like youre dealing with. That's all I can think of. Regardless, I hope you can get some solace.;weak
The thing about depression is that it's not at all about feeling sad...it's about feeling nothing. Nothing matters, nothing makes you feel anything. People turn to things like drugs and self-harm in order to feel something, even if it's deadly.;no
Staying at home: regret. Loneliness. Going out: pain, anxiety. Even more loneliness when being in a crowd and having nobody to talk to. I forced myself out again and again to _some_ social events that I can do and that also advance me. Where I actually can talk to people.;no
Life is what YOU make it!... Happiness comes from inside;no
Well I didn't sugar coat it just say it straight out. I don't see any other way of telling someone you trust and love.;no
I don't hate you.  Wait. Are you responsible for the stairs that just aren't quite right? That's on my list of things that I hate.;weak
I was on a very low dose of Celexa, only 10mg, but that was causing enormous weight gain. I'm really short and I was gaining a pound a month. I tapered off quickly, on the expectation that the mental pain of getting fat this quickly was going to counteract any benefit from the drug. I went off and I'm on gabapentin now, and melatonin, and that usually keeps the insomnia at bay. I used to tell myself meds were a weakness, but being on them is far better than getting fired from a job, which was in the cards if I hadn't gone to see a therapist. I know it feels shameful, but really, it's no different than needing glasses, or a coat when it's cold. If your current meds help you, stay on them, and don't feel bad about it.;weak
and when you cannot even trust yourself, that is when you are the lowest..;no
Nothing to be afraid of, would your bf be embarassed to go to hospital after breaking his finger? No. Why should you be scared to seek mental help, broken finger hurts, depression if not treated can kill, and in the worst way possible. Go and find yourself a therapist, someone you can tell all about your problems. Hope it works out.;no
I'm sorry that haopened. I've never had a breakup because I always get rejected. I've had similar things so I can at least get an idea of how that must feel. But I believe you can find another girl you live.;strong
"I try to cope by trying to keep my own goals from the past that were broken, alongside those i may make in the current time, intact for myself. Whether or not that can happen or if it's meant to be for me, i don't and honestly can't know, unless and until i get there from still trying. I am living, but not alive -- there is a difference; I'm trying to find completion for that void. I try to accept myself and my flaws -- even some of the current ones i want gone as i progress towards that. I still fight myself over that and/or other things at times. But i still try to accept and understand. I just keep going. For the sake of something i still believe in somewhere out there that might be befitting of me, as i want it. If it's there, i must get to it -- i must have it. At the same time, i must better myself until i am who and what I've always wanted to be, both in and out. The sense of failure and futility are always there -- i just keep trying to keep them level and not overwhelm me. I try to do things for myself i thought i had from others. Things i would truly want done to me by others. But there's nobody. I got used to it. Despite still wanting the opposite in my own humble way. I just think of what who might actually still exist out there, think and feel if i weren't doing this, willingly, to keep pushing. I keep trying to believe that regardless, i deserve things my way. After everything especially. That it can't all be for naught. I've yet to see that. That's why I'm still going for the future. Even if its path got shattered long-ago, many-a-time. I hope this helps.";no
Being alone is terrible. I'm sorry you're alone. If I hear an implicit request for a suggestion in there, then I suggest doing just about anything different. Anything, really. Break your horrible, lonely routine. The only thing worse than lonely sadness is the certainty that it will not change. What can you do differently tomorrow?;strong
had very violent and psychotic thoughts my whole life. been very violently raised and I know how to turn it off. But! What learned that makes me feel better is just thoughts. They go away. For us depressed, the thoughts have tighter grips on our conscious and therefore stick around longer. I say get busy doing something you like. Or go outside right now and sprint down the block. I promise, if you do that, feel better. I promise.;no
Shoot yourself in the face with kindness. Go and treat you some motherfucking chocolate and some fucking videogames and calm the holy fucking fuck down. This was a lot of fucking swearing but even fucking think about killing your damn self. You will leave some fucking people who will for fucking fuck sake miss you. So - as as friendly reminder - please kill you! *You* *matter* ! Never ever think about this again or even post this shit. I want you to stay alive and fucking nail it! You can do it, buddy!;weak
8 years of very severe, suicidal depression, I feel you, mate. I'm incredibly sorry.;strong
This hit me. I hope that I stay with my so and be able to say this to them everyday;weak
For what worth it probably mean much coming from a complete stranger but glad it failed, or the world would have just lost 1 more good person and we are low on them as is You can pm me anytime if you wanna talk;strong
Hey sorry things are blank for you just hold in there and try to find something unique about yourself or make something and give it a purpose in your life. motivation have to come from inside yourself alone it can be other places or times;strong
Honestly, tell him to fuck off. You don't deserve that bullshit OP.;weak
Because depression isn't the same for everyone, so there is no 'one size fits all' cure for everyone. And some of the things you mentioned can be downright harmful for some people. For instance, tough love can potentially push a suicidal person over the edge. There's a reason those things are mentioned in the sidebar. Treatment should be left to the professionals to deal with on an individual basis. This sub is more of a support group, meant for encouraging each other to hang on, to keep fighting, and to point people in the right direction if and when they seek professional help. I'm sincerely glad you beat depression. What worked for you, though, may not work for everyone else (or even anyone else). It's a very personal and individual experience. And that's where you should have gone with this submission. You should've just shared your story. Talked about your depression, talked about your journey through it and how you beat it. Instead, you rolled it out like a sales pitch for snake oil. This is dangerous territory, because when you say things like I beat depression and you can too, here's how..., you are selling people hope. If it doesn't work and somebody spirals down and harms themselves or worse, even in one single instance, you are at least partially to blame for selling them that false hope. Again, that's why we leave treatment to the professionals. Please, I can't stress enough that you follow the rules and guidelines in the sidebar. They are there for a reason.;no
listen to the song people=shit by slipknot....it might release some of the tension you're feeling right now. there are a couple of good things in life, maybe some really bomb food you love to eat or a show you really like or something, anything small that makes you feel better keep doing it;weak
Sorry for your loss, but don't feel guilty, there's probably a reason why you feel that way. Also, your feelings might clear with time.;strong
I am. It's hard to be sober, because I don't feel like the fun joyful person I am when I'm drunk. When I'm not drunk I'm depressed and anxious and in pain and I hate it. And I'm sorry that you're feeling like this :( I'm here for ya;strong
*hug* I can't remember the last time someone apart from my mom hugged me either, I need a hug or a cuddle so bad, the lack of intimacy with anyone is killing me. I feel incredibly lonely and empty all the time. I don't know how long I can go on. Best of luck!;strong
same man I feel you;weak
There are many services that local and state governments provide to help people such as yourself find work. The cool thing is they are totally free and they can provide a support system and will work with you to find a job that works for you! I would suggest looking online for these services and sending your information to them. Stay strong and I love you!!;strong
I feel that it's hard to exist. It hurts. But I'm scared to kill my self. What if things get better? If I killed myself I wouldn't be there to enjoy the things in life that I wish for. what the fuck do I do?;weak
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
Im so so sorry for your lose! *big big hugs*;strong
There is a difference between choking yourself with the belt and dangling your bodyweight from a rope. It will hurt.;no
Remember that eventually you won't cry, and that you woke up today to experience another day of life. Maybe it wasn't the best day, but tomorrow is a brand new one, and it's going to be ok, whether I'm talking about tomorrow or in an hour or a week, it will be ok. I'm really sorry you are feeling down.;strong
"I used to feel like that too. Now I've understood that acquaintances and friends can be won and lost overtime. You make friends, you lose some, you keep in touch with others. Don't expect anything from them; instead focus on the quality moments you have with them that make you happy.";weak
I'm so sorry you feel that pain. I know that pain all too well. That's amazing that you went so long without it! I can hardly manage three months, and I've been doing it for years. It's hard not to do it when you have no one to talk to. You are fine. People slip up here and there.;strong
I wish I could f*** it instead of the other way around for;no
Best friends are the acquaintances that go the extra mile. I've had best friends but I have none now. Friends are fluid, they come and go through your life based on your circumstances and interest. I'm not so much lonely as just bored not doing fun things like I used to with friends. I suffer depression but don't need the human contact as much as the next guy. Don't try to make one end all be all friend. You're putting too much pressure on them and yourself. You'll drive them away and crush yourself in the process. Be friendly and caring to all and just see who sticks around. Those are friends. Best friend? Don't look for one, be one.;no
Every single day! I wake up so tired every day no matter what time it is. I pass out during the day all the time if home or at my boyfriends house but I find when I actually want to sleep at night, I because when my brain wants to cause chaos;no
Life is a series of choices. Many of the people you involve yourself with are not your first choice either but life. If talking about romantically speaking then sure why would anybody be anybody first choice? The culmination of our personalities, looks, intelligence, sensitivity, etcetera, all create true love and attraction. I know come to Love my wife as much as I do but with time I began to learn more about her every day and now I trade the world for her. Being first always the best.;no
I was getting better around last November after 2 years of being a shut in. I got a job, moved out and on with my life, and was doing good. I started to decline about 4 months ago. I'm back to where I was. I moved back. No more job. No more new friends. The only thing that keeps me going is that this right now won't be forever. It's for now and it's so debilitating. I leave my bed to use the restroom, grab something to eat back in bed, and thats it for last week at my just getting here lowest points. And over time the time spent like this will get shorter and the time spent on that high curve will go longer and farther. I don't feel that in any way. I'm lucky to have had a decade of therapy to make me feel like I know it tho. Doesn't change the feeling at all but gives me a shred of hope to hang onto. I'm really sorry you feel that way mate. Some people don't do well with that kinda energy but there are a lot who will not care too and help you with their energy. My dad is neutral and doesn't care, but can't really help. My mother won't even be around me when I'm down. Even told me she can't stand it. Just having the 2 people I have right now for when I am down tho helps me a lot. Pm me if you ever wanna chat about whatever. Your energy doesn't affect mine.;strong
I'm sorry for however long you still have to deal with them, but some day you will be able to walk away from them if you choose to, and that is 100% okay. You are your own very awesome person and they don't get a say in who you are.;strong
Why do you crave this attention?;no
Oh... if a boss did that to me, I'd debate the heck out of him and put a mirror against him to make him understand his flaw/s (unless feelings of job loss risks arise) No boss is going to get away with putting his workers down, as ideally we're meant to cooperate together and not be slaves of one another.;weak
"Happiness is a label. A ton of people here think they should be feeling something that they won't. Everyone feels actual happiness; too many don't pay it any attention.";no
Yeah I have a crush on a girl who lives in my same city, she's just perfect, I'd like to talk to her often and to smile when she is near me but I'm just thinking if she would miss me if I die, I was also used to write her but then I stopped thinking that I was annoying her, now I hardly think she is just laughing about me with her friends but I can't get angry with her for that, she's too beautiful.;no
It's the same for me...I can't believe how little I've experienced. There's a part of me that wants to really live rather than just 'existing' but I don't know if I'll ever be able to let myself. I guess if you can take that step and put yourself out there, make each day mean something even if it's only small things etc, you should. But I know it's a lot easier said than done. I don't really have any advice for you, but just wanted to let you know that you're not alone. Maybe volunteering somewhere could help you if that's something that's possible for you...doing something meaningful and giving yourself purpose and all that.;weak
Same. I just end up delaying it for hours while watching dumb shit on youtube until its too late.;no
Rock climbing! Marathons! Competitive quilting! You're so great at those three things!!! I envy you!!!!;no
Well done, you've shattered the illusion :) But where are you trying to make it? Where are you going? Sometimes we all have to fake the way we are in order to get where we need to be, or get to what we want. But other times, all that effort is so dragged on and futile because we are working to satisfy some expectation. Then at the end of the day, satisfying the expectation is underwhelming--dissatisfying to its core. Then we just think, ok, now what? Just this post is poetic enough to make me think that you've got some fancy talents locked up in that head of yours. I wish you luck my friend, I bet you can make something of yourself, even if you struggle to believe it. And chances are, you've probably already done some neat things, and I hope you've taken the time to appreciate these accomplishments. I'm wishing you fantastic luck.;weak
I feel you. Have you thought about speaking to a therapist or call a depression hotline? I'm not sure where you are living, but those calls are usually free and the people on the other end are pretty great at listening and coming up with helpful strategies. Hang in there.;weak
There must be a reason you're posting in this thread, there are lots of wonderful people going through this who would offer their support. I'm sorry you're going through such a hard time, and I hope you can find some hope to carry on. I don't know how much words on a screen from an online stranger would help, but if you need a reason to stay alive, let this comment be one. Take care!;strong
Average is great! At least you don't suck.;weak
Just numb. It sucks having younger siblings, they want attention from me and shit but it's just so hard to even talk to them really because I see the world so shitty I can't even fake a happy normal conversation with them.;no
Odesza - Across The Room;no
Celebrating the small things is important! Keep setting small goals!;weak
I saw your post several hours ago and I've been thinking all afternoon about what you asked. I'm not sure if I can fully explain the shift I made from being depressed and suicidal to the generally happy person I am now. There was a whole series of decisions and lessons and realizations I've made over a period of several years which probably merits its own post (or series of them). I joined this a short time ago and have been sort of lurking, trying to understand this community and seeing if I have anything to contribute, and your post makes me realize that maybe just telling my story will help others make their own way on their journey. To answer your specific question, the one thing I have come to understand is that there really isn't going to be a time when you are entirely done with it. There will always be a chance, however small, that you can fall back into it. However the longer you go without falling back in, the easier it gets. I tend to think of it in terms of black holes and orbital bodies. I'm going to have to create a post on that. The truths I've found is that recovery and freedom from depression is about breaking habitual negative lines of thought by replacing it with more positive ones. It's about learning how to recognize when you are falling back into the pit of depression, and being able to pull yourself back out. It's about accepting and finding value in yourself, and finding many many reasons to continue to be alive, to contribute and interact with the rest of the world. Coming from the other side, I understand so many things that I used to see as negative really don't have any sort of positive or negative connotation. That was all in my head. Often those negative connotations were put there by others, sometimes inadvertently, sometimes deliberately. I had to learn how to strip those ideas off and choose a new set of ideas to assign. I learned how to identify what kind of ideas were worth keeping and using, and which ones were not and discard them. I know this doesn't really explain much how I see things now, and how I no longer feel depressed all the time, but I promise to share my story in the hopes of helping you understand how I got where I am, and maybe help you make a similar journey.;no
I'm sorry to hear that. If you are able to you could channel that sadness into a drawing or poem or something like that. It might help a little.;strong
sorry feeling so stressed right now, OP. Do you want to talk more about your making you so stressed?;strong
Yep and they never do;no
Depression can be cyclical. Our brain's chemistry gets out of whack and we feel like crap for a few days and then we feel better when it gets back to normal. Good luck and try to push through it.;weak
Good morning bro, im happy that you woke up and read this comment! I hope you have a great day today!;strong
No because I know it's a fact I'm unlikable;no
It's not about what you do at work though it's what you do with your time outside of work. Most people's dreams don't come true no, that doesn't mean you should just waste away in a pitiful existence. Find excitement in things. Work hard. Achieve things. See progress. I've been in your place, completely cynical and want nothing to do with the way that society feels we should be. The truth is, you can find comfort in being yourself and falling into where you should be. Dreams of things exist because people see the start of something and then only the end of it (being famous, having lost all that weight etc...). That's not reality, and more people have worked hard for what they have.;no
People lie to themselves on a subconscious level and insist you're just quiet and doing ok, because they don't have the courage to deal with it if you weren't.;no
Ah I'm sorry :( Panic attack are awful but you certainly shouldn't feel embarrassed!;strong
I feel like this all the time and I am never sure what I am looking for. I really wish I had a passion in life like some people have. Sadly I have not found it yet. I never felt that strongly about anything. Maybe I need girlfriend.Maybe I just need more friends. Maybe I need a different job.Maybe I need to to work things out with my farther. Or maybe I just need to be able to really talk to someone.;no
Uhhh... who? Sorry I can't help you very much...;strong
I'm around if you need someone to chat with. I'm sorry you're feeling sad. Sometimes it's such a painful and unbearable feeling.;strong
sorry feeling so stressed right now, OP. Do you want to talk more about your making you so stressed?;strong
Yeah bud, same boat. If I'm not working, I'm in bed. Just zoning out not moving. The struggle is real with no real answers;strong
so sorry my friend. I hope found something or someone to help you fill a part of that void.;strong
They probably already know that cutting yourself good. People who self harm probably hear that often including myself. As much as you know logically that cutting good, sometimes you help it if it means that tiny bit of relief. Try suggesting alternative methods instead and asking why they cut. Is it the pain or is it seeing blood? If pain, tightly holding cold ice can be an alternative. There is pain but no damage. If blood, instead of cutting, trying using a red marker to mark themself instead. Talk through everything step by step and find possible solutions or alternatives at each step.;no
I just try to remind myself it's a thing of the past, and that's all it will be. the pain I've felt and been through is no longer painful. sure it hurts to think about, but not as much as it hurt in the process. people that live in the past live with guilt, people that live in the future live with anxiety, people that live in the present live with peace.;no
Been there... but can I give a really cool trick that might truly help? When looking for a job, try to find a new store/restaurant/place opening up. No matter what it is... It was my trick back into the work force because when a place is just opening, everyone is new and everyone is learning so all in it together, instead of walking into an established place where people already know what doing and have friends etc... anyway, what worked for me in the end. Either way, keep trying. Taking it one step at a time.. fill out applications and if you get phone calls set up interviews. If you get too anxious and go then go, but maybe one day have that little extra burst of energy and go. And if you start working and like it, ok, you can look elsewhere. So just keep pushing along.;weak
not sure. I whine about life all the time but if I had the solution, use it right away. be gone tonight!;no
Oh thank god, you are safe tammy! I was really worried about you. Plz dont do this again;weak
Hi! Not even something little?;no
Depression can be cyclical. Our brain's chemistry gets out of whack and we feel like crap for a few days and then we feel better when it gets back to normal. Good luck and try to push through it.;weak
Happy birthday. And crying is always okay. :);weak
I'm so sorry you feel that pain. I know that pain all too well. That's amazing that you went so long without it! I can hardly manage three months, and I've been doing it for years. It's hard not to do it when you have no one to talk to. You are fine. People slip up here and there.;strong
I know exactly how you feel. just one day of many though. Take it one hour, one minute at a time. Think about some self care you can do for yourself once you get home. having one of those days too but try not to let the depression get too deep. Fight it. Plan for a nice bath at home, or make/pick up your favorite meal on your way home. You are a wonderful human being and you deserve happiness. Just get through today. Tomorrow will be another opportunity for something better. Feel free to PM me if you want someone to vent to to pass the time.;weak
so sorry my friend. I hope found something or someone to help you fill a part of that void.;strong
"I was on Lexapro and Wellbutrin for the longest time and didn't have any bad side effects, but it definitely didn't help me as much as I'd hoped. It did get me from I can't leave my bed to I guess I can function occasionally on a good day. I'm no longer on the Lexapro but the Wellbutrin has stuck with me for a while, so. It went well for me; Hope it goes well for you!";weak
Yup. I have since ceased trying to open up to people. I jam all of my feelings down deep inside and when they start to simmer over, I drink. In a sick way, I think this is a lot better than constantly being dismissed, rejected, invalidated and outright abandoned by other humans.;no
Can you talk about whats going on in your head? Maybe if you get it out, it will be a little more sorted? I'm sorry it's so overwhelming right now. Someone loves you, they just don't know how to show it the right way, right now.;strong
I guess. Just don't respond to them, because that's exactly what they want;no
Hey sorry things are blank for you just hold in there and try to find something unique about yourself or make something and give it a purpose in your life. motivation have to come from inside yourself alone it can be other places or times;strong
The simple answer is to just go do it. You set goals and you force yourself to complete them. Start small and work up, I will work out for 1 hour or I will only game for 1 hour then I will do something else or I will only have 1 *junk food of choice* today. Lifestyle changes don't happen overnight. You need to set realistic expectations and goals. Then slowly over time build towards the you you want to be.;no
Exactly the same. Sometimes its like a way for washing away the thoughts and the hatred towards yourself.;no
please dont do this. i dont even know you but this post felt like a stab to my heart.;weak
I've read that the minimum lethal dose of hydroxyzine is 1650 mg, but that is impossible to calculate correctly because of body weight, differences in absorption, etc. With Luvox, full recovery with minimal effects has been noted at overdoses of up to 9 grams. You might be successful, especially if you are small and don't weigh much, but there is a not insignificant chance you might end up alive and brain damaged instead. I know I'm a stranger, but I am sorry about whatever has brought you to this point. Do consider trying to get help - even if you have before, think about it one last time.;strong
It may suck in hindsight. But her hair will grow back and you'll have a story to tell. It happens. You have to look at kids as things of wonder. They learn the hard way. They always will. Just be happy that they're alive to make those mistakes. Love them when they make mistakes. You're their to protect them;weak
I'm really sorry for this. I'm going through something similar and I have pretty much given up all hope that I am the same as my peers. I am definitely not. I feel as if everyday is a struggle for self acceptance even by myself. Everyday is a day where I am buffeted by my own worthlessness. I try my best, I do. I try my very best to get through. Every day is a drag, but at least its a drag and not a standstill. After a while I forget people exist, really. It's just me and my depression. I don't need any more love from my peers after some time.;strong
I'm so sorry. Are u ok;strong
It is. It's very tough to keep going. I can't tell you how to make it stop, I wish I could. I just try to focus on the next very small thing I can do. I'm sorry dude. You aren't alone, I promise.;strong
Hang in there. Spontaneous Remission blesses like an angel. When she comes, there will be new people you love and love you in return. Stick it out. You got this.;weak
I feel you. Have you thought about speaking to a therapist or call a depression hotline? I'm not sure where you are living, but those calls are usually free and the people on the other end are pretty great at listening and coming up with helpful strategies. Hang in there.;weak
I've never done it, but I've seen people do it, usually with 5 or 6 dogs, they have apps and websites for walking or pet sitting. It might take a month to build some clients, but the hours are flexible and you pretty much get to be your own boss, and pet dogs all day The main thing is to choose something you enjoy, it will feel much less soul killing, and will come naturally, rather than feeling like you're fighting to survive.;weak
Wait, you got fired due your depression? Where are you from? Isn't depression classified as a medical condition like any other? Aren't you protected by law against such action? Sorry to read about your situation. And sorry for all the questions. Guilty of being a lawyer :/;strong
Everyone suggests to exercise but its easier said than done when one feels this lethargic and hopeless. One thing i can say that works for me when im feeling this way are youtube meditations called solfeggio frequencies it subliminally lifts your mood and vibrations upon listening. Very cool amd its my go-to right now.;no
Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday! (is doing *weird* things with my formatting.)  It's your birthday. You can be any way you want. You can want people to make a big deal even if you are depressed and want to not let them at the same time. You day, your rules. Happy happy 19:);strong
doctor who, esp this quote. life is a pile of good things and a pile of bad things. the good things don't necessarily soften the bad things, but vice versa, the bad things don't always spoil the good things or make them unimportant.;no
Yeah, mostly in the chest area. It can be really painful if extremely depressed.;no
I'm down in that hole. Don't get sucked in is my advice. You'll get nothing good out of it. The thing with alcohol is that, once you start drinking too much, too often, the idea that it makes you feel better is entertained while it is not true at all. It's: *I drink to forget, but I've drank so much I don't know what it is I have to forget. So I drink, just to be sure.* Alcohol and drugs have become a habit for me and I can't really live without them anymore. I need them to maintain a level of tolerable shittiness - but trust me, I'd be way less miserable if I never started it.;no
I would be keen to know too;no
I feel you, honestly beginning to wonder if college is really worth it.;weak
You are not alone in any of that and my heart goes out to you and I think its important to seek professional help for these types of feelings, im sorry i couldn't help more and hope you get better;strong
Depressed since I was 9, I'm 23 now...I totally feel you, you are not alone. Thankfully life does seem to get better for each year that passes, I deal with the severe depression as it occurs and try to enjoy the times when it's milder. Good luck to you in life.;weak
I'm sorry you feel this way. Is there anything in particular that's bothering you?;strong
Omgosh. I just want to validate this feeling because I have been there. That said, if it's a matter of safety, there is no question. You know that you need to go. You just do it. It's not some kind of failure. You are taking care of yourself. It DOES super suck though. Don't let anyone tell you it's all fine and fun to go through that. I've been there. I've come out the other end and been okay for long periods too though so I mean, it doesn't stay like that. Hang on. It gets better.;weak
Well I don't anymore. I may hate myself but I'm done pandering. Anyway aren't we always pandering to each other?;no
I'm very proud of you too! Remember the great feeling of success you have right now it will help you next time you have the urge.;strong
Hi Friend, Someone will always it worse. This is true. But, I think that you should draw strength from the fact not that others have it worse, but that you know there is better. I certainly understand the feeling of the teeter totter between living in hell and trying too hard. Don't let the fear of being not down to Earth shackle you my friend. Reach out and grab for what makes you feel alive, because there is far more uncertainty in sitting back and watching. I truly feel that your reactions to other's lives highlights your ability to empathize and live. Harvest that energy for its beauty and not its sadness. Stay strong.;weak
Sorry to hear you're feeling this way Can you see a doctor or a psychiatrist? They can help you get anti depressant medication. They will also probably tell you to make an appointment with a therapist and to see a therapist regularly. Hope this helps;strong
really sorry going through this. basically going through the same thing right now. Let me know if you ever wanna chat. Things will get better eventually, I hope.;strong
I'm sorry for however long you still have to deal with them, but some day you will be able to walk away from them if you choose to, and that is 100% okay. You are your own very awesome person and they don't get a say in who you are.;strong
Because sometimes it just takes time. Serotonin and dopamine take their time to adjust. Also, though the gym is great, it will deplete you so you might be suffering from that. Get a lot of protein, magnesium and zinc and repeat tomorrow. And congrats! You did great today.;strong
I see the point either! All I feel is pain, I feel happiness, I feel anything that sadness. I want to live this kind of life, so hard that even on my free time I wish that things could be better, I wish I could live a better life but I I was one of the unlucky people that needs to go through this while others are enjoying their free time. Lifes hard as it is, but with depression a drag. You never know when get that next panic attack or feeling of loneliness.;no
A lot of the time when I'm happy my brain goes hang on, this doesn't seem right. Hmmmm... ok. I got it. Lets think of how shit and disgusting you felt when you woke up this morning. there, that's better.;no
I'm around if you need someone to chat with. I'm sorry you're feeling sad. Sometimes it's such a painful and unbearable feeling.;strong
It took me seven years to get a bachelors, and a lot of that was done part time or online. Do it on your schedule. Nobody else's.;no
I remember when I was in a deep stage of depression I always begged my mother to let me stay home. Even when she drove me to school, I would catch a bus to the shops and ditch school. (Never got caught hehe) Anyway, I just felt so.. bored of school and so sick of all the shit that went down there. Instead, I decided to live my life, have fun, sleep, ditch school or do whatever and just live the life as I wanted to. If you cant find motivation in one thing, than find motivation in another. After all we're all gonna die one day, live your life as you want.;weak
Can you talk about whats going on in your head? Maybe if you get it out, it will be a little more sorted? I'm sorry it's so overwhelming right now. Someone loves you, they just don't know how to show it the right way, right now.;strong
sorry to hear. :( is this an ongoing thing or does it come in phases? how does being high help?;strong
I'm sorry. I've been in and out of a relationship for years now. She's loving and considerate and great in so many ways.. but there's no commitment. Actually the space between us has grown over the years. I guess part of it is that I'm a bit of a basket case and it can be emotionally taxing. I don't even want to put her through all of that for the rest of her life. But at the end of the day I just want to go home and share my life with her.. and she's not there. She's done so much for me but it makes me feel so unwanted that this is the end of the line. Like I'm just a burden and despite all the love she has to offer, I'm just too screwed up for it to work. I feel so lonely and so stupid for everything I've done to turn her away.;strong
I'm feeling this way this morning. I almost wish I had work today so I'm keeping busy and keeping thoughts away. I'm so numb and empty .;no
So sorry for your loss;strong
Yup. In my experience sertraline was more intense than (es)citalopram the first few days and I started slow at like 12.5mg. It's really the first week - actually about the first 4 days - effect. The thing that requires the black box warning because it's a surprise if no one tells you to expect it (and not everyone gets it so powerfully). If it's too intense talk to your doctor about cutting back and moving up slower (I've settled on 50mg and that was after titrating up). Try splitting it up into at least two doses so it doesn't all hit you at once - sertraline's got a relatively short serum life and I'm preferring a morning and afternoon dose. ... and during this 'jittery' period try to take it at least 4 hours before bed so you'll have a shot at getting some proper sleep. It gets a *lot* more boring (but still potentially helpful) once your body adapts! Right now all sorts of stuff is going on with your serotonin and it's pretty much the 'psychedelic' part. Once your system adjusts the idea is that the drug is holding a 'buffer' of serotonin in the synapses so it's there when you need it for more even moods and less discomfort, but until that settles down it can be pretty trippy and stimulating (especially with sertraline that has a nice extra dopamine stimulatory effect, which is pretty helpful offsetting some of the more annoying SSRI side effects in the longer term). So if you feel like you're going to jump out of your skin now - yeah, that's normal, and it passes in about those 4-7 days (for me, anyway). Also heads-up that.. yeah, with sertraline, those days included a lot of nausea and (ahem) intense GI effects for me too - that passes too.;no
Sometimes we gotta settle down for a while, do you have any parents? i moved to my grandma house when i had this feeling, things got a little better knowing that i have someone that i can talk to and vent with. Be strong and focus on getting better, feel free to pm me if you need to vent.;weak
I thought so until I came to realized that your health department is seriously lacking. Getting a pension would be really nice, if you have that in your country, but it's usually quite low. But beside that, the health is too damn hard. Of course you got 70 years old being president or running marathon and all. But I've seen people around me and it's just a blend of being tired, in pain, and or being slow, clumsy, close to handicap doing basic things. It scares me, especially with all the diseases that my relatives have or had, and the fact that I don't take care of my body as well as I could/should... Sorry if this is triggering anything in anyone, or a bit despairing. One upside is that science is doing wonders, so in your life time you could survive more shit, being treated better, and I believe our generation is going to react to the way we take care of the elderly in general. DO NOT LOSE HOPE... but the grass is always greener...;weak
Holy shit I can relate so well to this.;strong
I know, we all hope for that but at the same time we all hope for better days. Maybe they're coming maybe not. But please don't do anything permanent. If you ever want to talk i'm here almost all the time.;weak
For what worth it probably mean much coming from a complete stranger but glad it failed, or the world would have just lost 1 more good person and we are low on them as is You can pm me anytime if you wanna talk;strong
in what way do people bother you. Like they personally go out of their way or you mean like everyone including random people annoy you?;no
Congratulations! Paycheck incoming. Netflix account incoming. Porn subscri- No?;strong
always on my own. be happy for a while and then I get hit by a random mood swing and suddenly I hate myself, I be here, I want to go home. It drove a lot of my friends away;no
Write down how you feel, to get all your thoughts out. It doesn't have to be organized or creative;no
Thank you but right now I feel like I only deserve to die.;no
Don't worry, we are mortal for a reason.;weak
People just tell you go to bed earlier. They can't fathom how much effort it takes to drag through every dull day.;no
Do you want to share what happened?;no
"Sorry to hear that. Obviously a very painful experience. Of course you're not crazy for feeling like that makes you wonder about your value as a person, but to get through this life you'll really want to get to the place where you understand other people's behaviors are a reflection of them and not of you. I'm not trying to suggest some stupid mind-trick here, of course when someone chooses another person over you, you are going to have thoughts of worthlessness and insecurity. But even if someone you are with realizes they'd rather be with someone else, it doesn't require them to cheat on you, they could just be an adult and end a relationship before doing something behind someone's back. Human love is fickle. There's no way to ever say that anyone who decides to spend time with you owes it to you to honor that choice forever, but it certainly doesn't mean they have to cheat and lie. This advice has stuck with me ever since I heard it on a podcast; don't ever expect other human beings to be rational, or to assume they are playing by the same set of rules and understandings as you are. They lived so much of their lives before you were ever it in, you have no idea if this behavior could be a reflection of something somebody else did to them in their past or whatever. You can't blame yourself for other people. Otherwise a total stranger could walk up to you on the street and punch you, and you'll spend the next week wondering what you did wrong instead of identifying that person as a violent crazy person. Regardless, it isn't exactly the most logical part of your mind that is going to feel rotten about this for a while, so no amount of information is going to make it feel better right away. But try to love yourself, and work on coming around to that understanding that other people's choices do not say anything about you, only about them. This action means that they are a cheater, not that you are worthless.";strong
Maybe it would exhaust them more over time. But the thing is that if you were to kill your self they would feel unimaginable pain and guilt. They may learn to cope with the pain but they will find ways to blame it on themselves. They will think it because they did or do something and it will haunt them for life. Talk with your family, work through it together, accept their love and try to understand why they say and do certain things from their point of view so you can understand their love for you. It will most likely be tough at first but it will make things easier.;weak
Chemical imbalance in your brain, its alright , happened a lot of time for a lot of people;weak
Yeah, LDRs sure have their challenges. Anything in particular you'd like to talk about? I've been in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend for the last couple of years so I might be able to offer some insight or at least my own opinion on them. It won't give you any answers or solutions but it might help to have a different perspective.;weak
sorry to hear. :( is this an ongoing thing or does it come in phases? how does being high help?;strong
Have you tried joining in and failed? I know how that feels man Im sorry;weak
I find that how you view failure is tied to your expectations quite heavily. Or also the pressure of feeling others' expectations of you on your shoulders. I still haven't worked things out that I'm able to effectively handle failure myself, but mainly people can feel better when they fail, because they recognise it as a learning experience, or it is an inevitable part of the process. Now this may sound obvious, but when in the moment, it is very easy to forget this and lose sight of progress after the failure. Failure can appear in many forms. My expectation of a 'good outcome', instead was a horrible mistake... Or was it? I'm sorry to hear you feeling even worse after your suicide attempt. Just know that I believe you are alive, and fighting, and you will come out of this stronger.;strong
Yeah. Why do I even exist lol. I'm useless;no
Sending some good vibes and prayers your way! I hope you find the help you seek with your treatments and if this isn't what helps please don't ever stop looking. Exercise became my escape but it wasn't through cardio or weight training like I had done for years with zero progress towards self improvement, it came in the form of dancing. Best of luck and please feel free to DM me when you need to vent about anything!;weak
Well, that was a nice idea of your stepmom's. I'm sorry it didn't help--I've read that massage helps people recovering from EDs with body image, but maybe it takes a couple sessions. Hang in there.;strong
Hey, what's up? In general, it is the happiest time of year, but on an individual level, happiness can be at any level, any time of year.;no
we on the same boat. havent been going to school, probably already failed some of my classes. theyre just a group of fucking morons anyway. broke up with gf. have no friends. the ones I had were fake. shit.;no
I started this a little while ago too. Don't do it often, once every few months or so when I get really worked up and I start losing myself. Thing is, I like it. Not in a weird kinky way lmao but like, man it just gets me so revved up ya know? Like after I feed myself a few shots with each hand and I can feel the side of my face starting to swell up I feel like I can take on the fucking world head on. It's something that has actually made me heavily consider taking up boxing because it's win win. I get to punch something AND I get to get punched in the face back.;weak
I'm sorry you're feeling unwell. I can't sleep either. I've been having a couple nights of unrest. I hope you're having better luck than I am. Also, stay strong. I know it's hard and it's a long journey but the fact that you want to stop is a start. Sleep well.;strong
Hi there, I care! I wanna listen to your story and we can become pen pals! PM me anytime you want;weak
One of these things will slowly kill you. Neither one will save you.;no
I was one year in collage but I realize that I didn't like how we studied there. I dicided I would try to studied something related with airplanes because I always love it. Now I have ended my studies and I'm going to do an internship in an airline. The most important thing is doing what you love.;weak
so sorry my friend. I hope found something or someone to help you fill a part of that void.;strong
You are on your own, which gives you the power to turn it around! You are not your mistakes, your past, your parents, your bully. You are a person doing the best they know how! You can ask for help, but it is up to you to accept it. Loving yourself is difficult and getting to that point is painful;weak
Sorry you are feeling that way but How do you know it was a lie? In My experience most people don't compliment unless they meant it. Excluding family or friends who may just be telling u what they think u wanna hear of course. Who complimented you and in what context?;strong
I know how you feel, especially now that almost every day I get more and more bad news and more crap is piling on top of the old ones. It gets harder seeing other people having fun together when I am alone. It gets harder seeing my friend online, but doesn't want to talk to me.;weak
This is me. I've been in an endless cycle of trust and betrayal with a girl, and this word has grown to describe my entire life.;no
I know. I sadly do not have a good answer. as clueless as you are.;weak
I'm sorry you are feeling this way. We are here for you.;strong
I'm sorry you feel like this. My daughter has tried to kill herself 3 times and I pretty much have been mentally preparing myself for the worst for the last 6 months bc she was so so depressed and non responsive to meds, therapy etc. Then the craziest thing happened...she got involved in an old hobby, met new people she had stuff in common with, and just 5 minutes ago told me that she is going out to lunch with someone from that group. My point is...things can change. I hope things can change for you soon.;strong
I know the feeling :(;weak
Yep. At this point, I find that having opinions, especially controversial ones, are too tiring. What's even the point of getting worked up and angry?;no
Sorry to hear. I hope you find something grounding that will help you feel alive again.;strong
There's nothing wrong on reaching out people, you're just showing you like them, you like to be with them, so don't worry about it. Imagine someone texting you and saying Hey, how are you?... I miss you. Hows everything going? Doesn't feel good?;weak
How many milligrams are each tablet and how much do you weigh? If you're looking to kill yourself, clonidine can't kill you. Just put you in a coma. Which will only make the suffering worse. Please do not attempt suicide using anything. It's Christmas, man. You can reply to this if you need to vent or anything, I'm here for you dude. Again. Don't attempt suicide. Please. For me. A stranger on the internet who cares more than you think.;weak
Sex with random men. That's my thing.;no
Good morning bro, im happy that you woke up and read this comment! I hope you have a great day today!;strong
the teacher did the right thing giving you more time, you cant do anything about your mental illness alone, and small things like this one can really lighten the burden you feel;weak
I've done that before. Depression is an illness that needs to be treated holistically. It's hard to do (heal) when you're working.;no
I'm so sorry, I understand your loss. My grandma just passed away on 05/26. It's hard to accept that we will never spend time with them again and that everything we have now is just our memories. I know it seems cliche, but it really does get better with time.;strong
Literally everyone has. This isn't some unique depression thing that isolates you like a lot of things about depression. Everyone has something about them they don't like, most people don't like what they see in the mirror, and still a lot fucking despise what they see.;no
As a 24 year old that needs to go back to college and pay his way there. It is absolutely imperative you succeed in school to get tuitions for college. I know what you're feeling, well actually mine was worse since I had little friends but if I could back and give myself advice I'd tell myself to man up and do well, work out and socialize because the rest of your life is so dependant on how well you do at your age right now. Please believe in yourself and press forward. Although you have all the time in the world to make changes. Waiting it out will only lead to insanity and depression. It's a problem you don't want to deal with when your older. It's best done in the present.;weak
I'm sorry your situation at home is so difficult. Do you have anyone in your life whom you trust enough to talk to about how you're feeling?;strong
Remember that eventually you won't cry, and that you woke up today to experience another day of life. Maybe it wasn't the best day, but tomorrow is a brand new one, and it's going to be ok, whether I'm talking about tomorrow or in an hour or a week, it will be ok. I'm really sorry you are feeling down.;strong
One day at a time. No one is truly left with nothing, there must be something or someone that is worth another tomorrow.;weak
"Hey. I know who you are, what doing or even thinking right now, but I do hope that still here for now at least, and reading this comment. really sorry for how feeling right now, and even though been through this for the last 2 years already, I say that I understand how you feel; even though I wish that I could. But please, please know that if you still need to talk, you could message me yeah? This truly is a really shitty world; but in light of all this, there are still people who are genuinely kind, who would really want to help. Being a beacon of light for those who are still suffering and letting the light from others shine onto you; this the purpose of living? The purpose of still staying here?";strong
I don't really have any failures of consequence in the past.;no
I feel the same way, I am single and have problems socially. So being alone makes my motivation worse and makes me really depressed. I am failing most of my classes this semester and don't seem to have motivation to make a rebound. Just know that theres people out there going through what your going through and I am here to at least give you assurance that you aren't alone in situations like this. I don't like it when people tend to say just force yourself to be motivated, but I am just lazy and hopeless at this point. I wish the best for you and I actually was on pill medication for this sort of stuff at a point, so if you got questions about that or anything in general maybe I can make use of myself and help someone out who needs it more than I do.;weak
I'm available as well. I'll even give you my phone number;weak
Don't fuck up your education. I ended up getting kicked out of the Swedish equivalent of high school at 17 because I stopped attending classes as I progressivly got worse. I ended up getting a lot better the last two years but I'm now approaching my mid 20's with fuck all to show for, which has made me start feeling pretty bad again as I'm trying to play catchup. If i just finished that shit I could at least be at university now... fuck me.;no
Hopefully just right around the corner;weak
I probably would have considered bringing harm to myself and others if not for writing. Do you write? I find it helpful to seal away any self-detrimental desires inside characters who are not me. If you purge all of your thoughts out of your head and onto the page, you might find some relief. Literature is one of the most important inventions for resolving issues and you may find purpose through writing for yourself. My life is not pleasant by any means so I created the life that I want in my writing. My life became better through writing. What ideas and notions could be lost if you left us so soon? What adventures could you go on in your own book? Think of all the memories that could be shared. You could even write about a role-model. Mine is Typhon, the Greek dragon under the mountain. I obsess over this mad titan to keep myself calm. He shows up in all of my work. My advice would be to pound that pain out into a character, a mighty simulacrum, an indestructible artifact to contain your every fear. I'm not sure if I'm phrasing this well enough to help, but this is the only way I know how to express myself.;no
What's up buddy ? Want to talk ?;weak
You are seen! We care about you here. Its not always a booming because everyone is so sad themselves but we look out for eachother here;weak
Yeah, with you. longing for the next sincere laugh or anything that I find funny anymore or someone who will play that game with me in real life..;no
Because you are important! Your life matters! You shall find someone who will be understanding and there for you when you are depressed. You just need to let yourself be vulnerable and keep dating until you find the right person. It may take awhile but it's worth the wait. For you and that future person.;weak
Yeah I feel that way too. I tell people I feel crap, and then they feel sad because I'm down.;no
I'm sorry you're feeling unwell. I can't sleep either. I've been having a couple nights of unrest. I hope you're having better luck than I am. Also, stay strong. I know it's hard and it's a long journey but the fact that you want to stop is a start. Sleep well.;strong
Very shitty. And you, OP?;no
I know you mean well, but this really help a large majority of people with depression. Plenty of people afford professional help, or it work for them. Some people, myself included, make any friends at all. The negativity, among other things, that comes with this illness is like a poisonous cloud that brings other people down with you and ultimately pushes them away.;weak
I remember when I was in a deep stage of depression I always begged my mother to let me stay home. Even when she drove me to school, I would catch a bus to the shops and ditch school. (Never got caught hehe) Anyway, I just felt so.. bored of school and so sick of all the shit that went down there. Instead, I decided to live my life, have fun, sleep, ditch school or do whatever and just live the life as I wanted to. If you cant find motivation in one thing, than find motivation in another. After all we're all gonna die one day, live your life as you want.;weak
Ya a few weeks ago my manager at work made a rude comment to me. She does this all the time and it wasn't even that big of a deal but I was depressed for like 3 days. I went home that night and legitimately wanted to die. Sometimes it's just the straw that broke the camels back yknow.;weak
I'm sorry for your pain. Wanna talk?;strong
Wow great fucking advice. I no longer have to be sad or anything. You know cured. going to go dance on rainbows!;strong
That is actually true. It is not going to be easy. Sometimes you will feel down, like not achieving anything. Sometimes you feel like you are in the road you want to be. But all up to you. You are not alone in this road. Everyone goes through same shit.;weak
Yessss! Don't have to worry about anyone disturbing my sleep.;weak
I relate strongly. It sucks a lot dude. I'm just numb now;no
**hugs if you want them**;strong
In my experience, when meds start working, you slowly start having good days now and then. You may get like two good days, three bad days, some good days again etc. Until you keep getting more and longer stretches of good days. For me it's actually a sign that the meds are working. Don't worry about work too much, your health is more important and is your priority right now.;weak
I'll be honest, I feel kinda sorry for you. You have completely nobody? Perhaps you had some people, but due to some things those relationships didn't work out?;strong
I'm so sorry, I understand your loss. My grandma just passed away on 05/26. It's hard to accept that we will never spend time with them again and that everything we have now is just our memories. I know it seems cliche, but it really does get better with time.;strong
People don't really care about anything other than themselves. Not applicable to everyone of course, but using people as a means to an end is common and people don't care how you feel as long as they get what they want. Idk about you, but sometimes this is the case even with family. If even your family doesn't give a shit, then who will?;no
I'm sorry for however long you still have to deal with them, but some day you will be able to walk away from them if you choose to, and that is 100% okay. You are your own very awesome person and they don't get a say in who you are.;strong
If you were here I would hug you right now.;strong
that be nice? I am in the same boat...for about the last 8 years it just keeps getting worse. I am sorry you are going through it too...I am not real hopeful about it getting better for me anytime soon, but I really hope it does for you. it strange that we can believe it can for someone else, a complete stranger on the internet, but not for ourselves? If not happiness, I hope you can find at least some peace and comfort in 2019.;strong
I wish I even had the will to play games. For me it's excessive daydreaming.;no
That is great, keep feeling good!;weak
I find that how you view failure is tied to your expectations quite heavily. Or also the pressure of feeling others' expectations of you on your shoulders. I still haven't worked things out that I'm able to effectively handle failure myself, but mainly people can feel better when they fail, because they recognise it as a learning experience, or it is an inevitable part of the process. Now this may sound obvious, but when in the moment, it is very easy to forget this and lose sight of progress after the failure. Failure can appear in many forms. My expectation of a 'good outcome', instead was a horrible mistake... Or was it? I'm sorry to hear you feeling even worse after your suicide attempt. Just know that I believe you are alive, and fighting, and you will come out of this stronger.;strong
I remember one time my wife had driven home to visit family. The first thing I did when I got home was hit the bottle. I was so excited to race home and get drunk to drown my pain. About 3/4's of that bottle later, I was in such pain that I couldn't help but to tell my wife. (She knew I had problems but not to what extent.) I went to bed that night praying to God for death. Wishing so bad to die in my sleep. I wanted it so bad. I look back on that time in my life as the breaking point. The point in which I decided I was meant for more than this. I was balling my eyes out. I couldn't help but cry. My emotional pain manifested into that of physical pain. It hurt so bad. But, I have made it through that. I have achieved so much. And, I know that you can too. If you need anything, please PM me. I'll give you my cell if you want to talk. You are stronger than this worthless disease.;weak
I'm so sorry to hear about your situation--that's a really difficult thing to have to endure, especially with your family's lack of understanding. I don't think you should give up the possibility of finding relief for your pain--even if there is not a reliable treatment now, pain relief is a major area of medical science research. (Is medical marijuana legal where you live, or if not is it a possibility to move to where it is?) You might find support and recommendations at r/sciatica Hang in there. I would strongly recommend trying to talk to a therapist if that's an option. Otherwise, it seems to me the other most important thing you can do is to try to find work or an activity, paid or unpaid, that is meaningful to you (if movement is an issue, look up online opportunities) which will help you get your mind off of your pain.;strong
I'm sorry your situation at home is so difficult. Do you have anyone in your life whom you trust enough to talk to about how you're feeling?;strong
I'm so sorry, I understand your loss. My grandma just passed away on 05/26. It's hard to accept that we will never spend time with them again and that everything we have now is just our memories. I know it seems cliche, but it really does get better with time.;strong
I'm locked in a viscous cycle between my physical and mental illnesses. Been diagnosed with major depressive disorder for close to 5 years now. About 2 years ago I developed a movement disorder. It has been documented but not yet diagnosed as doctors haven't figured out anything about it. The depression triggers the non epileptic seizures which cause major disturbances in my life. Crippling my quality of life and reducing what I can do. This feeds into my depression. More negative mental health the worse and more frequent the seizure like symptoms happen. Also have bad tremors and ticks in relation to the non epileptic seizures. I often fall down and have issues walking and standing. Can barely leave my home. Am reduces to limit movement inside my home which has caused weight gain from decrease movements which also stregnthens my depression which in return causes more seizure like episodes. No medication helps my mental or physical health. It actually worsens both. I am going without treatment because doctors refuse to take it seriously or are completely dumbfounded. It has been over a year since anything was prescribed to attempt to help me. Seen several specialist. This terrible cycle has lead me to multiple suicide attempts in the last few months.;no
I look in the mirror and only see sad, dead eyes looking back.;no
It's true we live in a society where crying in public or hugging strangers are frowned upon. We've gone very far into the illusions of separation and it's going to take some time to break through these, but it's going to happen I have no doubt anymore! I'm sending you love and hugs through the wire even if it's only designed for 0 and 1, feel it!;strong
I'm so sorry you're going through this.. My dog passed away two months ago so I know how painful it is :( I adopted another dog, I was still upset but it definitely helped me with the grieving process.;strong
You are not alone. Just remember that.;weak
the thing, though, your death be feasible. Your mom and sibling would spend the rest of their lives wondering if it was something they did or said that pushed you over the edge, or thinking about what they could have done differently to be there for you. One of both of them would likely spiral into a depression of their own. I used to think that no one would miss me much if I killed myself, but always remember the sound of my brothers voice when he found me with blood pouring from my arm. That something that you can just get over. Even leaving notes really help the pain for your family. Also consider the suffering of the people who found you. It could be an RA or a dorm mate. They would be traumatized for life, with severe PTSD from seeing a dead, decomposing body. That point would be too late for you to do anything, so we try not to let it go that far. get me wrong, I know where coming from, and not trying to make you feel bad for would be wrong. And clear from the fact that even thinking about these things that you have some reservations, so build on that. Take every little good thing that happens to you and imagine never feeling that way again, and imagine robbing the people you love of those feelings as well. Forgive me for being brash, but there is absolutely nothing delicate or glorious about suicide. The people who experience it secondhand go through ten times the suffering of the people who commit it. Please, for the sake of a stranger on the internet who cares about you, think again. There is hope out there, even if everything seems hopeless right now.;weak
I'm so sorry you feel that way. Would you like to elaborate? I'm here if you need to chat;strong
I remember this one! Keep fighting!;weak
Sorry man, PC masterrace here. Hope you'll spruce up your friend list nicely.;strong
It means that you have transformed your misery in a fundamental aspect of your identity and anything and everything that happens in your life is gonna be somehow linked to that. It is gonna become impossible to differ between what is truly a hardship from what you are deciding to see as such, because pain has settled within yourself to the point that things would not make any sense if it was not present, so you will inflict it upon yourself to return to the only state of familiarity that you know: being miserable. The term fetishizing is used in a harsh, accusatory, pejorative way, blaming the characters for perpetually watching their lives through the blackest prism, but the truth is they just do not know any better than to do so. Furthermore, fetishes are often believed to be shameful and obscene in nature, because such random, nonsexual items PRODUCE intense satisfaction, whereas people that are accused of fetishizing sadness are just sheltering themselves (if i fuck myself up, no one else will).;no
Great way of putting it. Life is just so exhausting. I can't leave the house without caffeine, I have no interests, I just feel like an empty battery. Hopefully one day you can find both strength and endurance.;weak
I'm sorry you feel this way. Is there anything in particular that's bothering you?;strong
Appreciate that you have someone to love I guess I don't know the situation. Sorry you feel that way. Guys like me will never have anyone to love though so yay at least you aren't me;weak
I'm sorry you feel like this. My daughter has tried to kill herself 3 times and I pretty much have been mentally preparing myself for the worst for the last 6 months bc she was so so depressed and non responsive to meds, therapy etc. Then the craziest thing happened...she got involved in an old hobby, met new people she had stuff in common with, and just 5 minutes ago told me that she is going out to lunch with someone from that group. My point is...things can change. I hope things can change for you soon.;strong
Same dude, the only thing I look forward to now but I hate waking up every morning;no
I hate that I usually succumb to the crippling overwhelm that often accompanies me trying to deal with the seemingly insurmountable [logistically, tangible, financial, and medical] things I must deal with...... as the clock ticks.....;no
Hey. I understand what you are feeling, and I am so sorry you are experiencing this. :( really such a hopeless feeling. Please feel free to PM me if you would like to talk. About anything.;strong
I know it's obvious but don't ween too quickly. I don't know your drug but from my experience, I was fine until I got too cocky and lowered my dose way too quickly. I got sick, anxious, depressed, I threw up a few times. It sucked so just stay safe.;weak
Happy Birthday. I'm sorry your birthday is going less well than you hoped. I had kind of a rough start in high school too so I know how you feel better than most. I'm open to talk whenever you like.;strong
What convinced you you In my case, I had been working hard on my career but my supervisors needed to cut me off (they had a year on me but I was on their level of skill). I realized that the most important thing in the world to be taken away from me or controlled by others and that I do anything about it. Classic case of with power do what they can, those without suffer what they felt pretty pointless since.;no
Hey man same here, I consider myself a loner too. never been in a relationship personally, if anything, they slow you down. If anything your friends are just showboating and most of their relationships will turn to shit regardless in later time.;no
LOL I feel like this every fucking day. No matter how good the situation is I always know that not shit and ever be to myself or anybody and happiness is only temporary. definitely not alone.;no
I'm just glad I'm not completely alone with these feelings like I convinced myself. I feel like I'm reading all the thoughts I've had my entire depression ridden life in clear text and it helps me process it better.;no
It's a different kind of sadness, being depressed. I don't really know how to explain. I feel you, I can cry while watching TV or reading something or what have you, but when I'm sitting in my room at 3am deep in my head I can't seem to cry.;weak
Ok, you walk with a limp and that probably sucks. Still, a lot of things you can do. I'm sure it's not as off-putting as you feel it is. Does your limp make you depressed or is there more?;no
I feel a similar way, when that happens I play chess or read something interesting. Sometimes nothing works and I just sit there...;weak
I can relate. The only place I try is at work, and that takes all my energy. feel like I have energy to do much else.;weak
I am sorry feeling this way, I have been where you are and I know how much it sucks. Please give up!;strong
I get this to. I used to feel great then when I became depressed it started to trigger my anxieties. It's hard to know whether it enlightens you to things you didn't want to know or whether the it's just making you paranoid, but regardless it makes me feel down. It affects all people differently. Only thing I could suggest is having a beer or something with it to try and reduce your anxiety.;no
Look, I don't know you, hell I probably never will, and I'm not gonna pretend to know what wrong in your life, but I'm sure that there's someone out there who cares about you. I've never been at the point where you are now but I've had some hard times, there is a high probability that things will get better. I don't know you but I love you and I know that I can't be the only person who doesn't want you to do this;weak
so sorry hurting so much. here.;strong
I am in the Same boat, I am struggle to do the basic work, but I cant let the depression win;no
What currently feeling. If you want you can talk to me. Rant it out, listening;weak
I am sorry I'm alive;strong
"Most problems are relative and we're able to express the same amount of pain. There's plenty of reasons to be depressed about; and equally there's a same amount to be happy about.";no
Yeah, we're creatures of habit unfortunately. I also find myself falling into the same pits over and over again but yknow what? Sometimes life just clicks together and all the pieces fit into the big picture and you find that moment where you can change. It doesn't have to be overnight, but look for some baby steps that can put your forward. best of luck x;weak
I don't think I could answer any better than this.... Definitely agree.;weak
yes! so sorry that's happening to you, but it feels good to relate - I see a lot of posts about having great dreams. I have at least one bad dream almost every night - and the feeling *always* bleeds into my day, especially if it was confusing or made me question reality. I have dreams all the time about my little sisters getting hurt, and it makes me worry for them. just today I had some kind of sleep paralysis (I don't know if that's the right word, I looked it up but it didn't seem to fit) and honestly I'm scared to fall asleep tonight because I do not want it to happen again. it's happened several times and it terrifies me. you're not alone, friend.;strong
Why did you refuse meds? It definitely doesn't sound like you're very stable right now, and I can relate to feeling like you can't think straight and need to find something drastic to snap out of it. Meds help contain my worst moods though even if they don't rid me completely.;weak
Feel free to message me if you'd like. One of the reasons I joined was to find friends to help battle my anxiety and depression.;weak
All the time man, still remember when i used to go outside, play with friends, not worry about anything and just live life till that one day when everything just fell apart i lost my friends, my motivation to go outside and be social, my parents trust its all gone and i can't go back;no
I could agree with that in a sense.;weak
I am sorry. I don't know what to say.;strong
I am. It's hard to be sober, because I don't feel like the fun joyful person I am when I'm drunk. When I'm not drunk I'm depressed and anxious and in pain and I hate it. And I'm sorry that you're feeling like this :( I'm here for ya;strong
Sometimes it's just the environment you're given, and you have to adapt. I'm very impressed actually that you're able to go to another job interview, it shows some hunger and motivation. And that's the blessing;no
Please do whatever stuff that makes your feel your own worth. In your case, that's a good stuff. If you're in the path towards the positives, keep on walking. Good luck.;weak
Hey. I understand what you are feeling, and I am so sorry you are experiencing this. :( really such a hopeless feeling. Please feel free to PM me if you would like to talk. About anything.;strong
Sending some good vibes and prayers your way! I hope you find the help you seek with your treatments and if this isn't what helps please don't ever stop looking. Exercise became my escape but it wasn't through cardio or weight training like I had done for years with zero progress towards self improvement, it came in the form of dancing. Best of luck and please feel free to DM me when you need to vent about anything!;weak
Very sorry to hear it. She came back the first time?;strong
I'm really sorry you're feeling this way. A person can be cared for by dozens and still feel alone, depression is a monster. I hope you're able to make progress against it in your own way, or by talking to people you trust, living the life you want to live, or by obtaining professional help. Please send me a message if you would like to talk to someone privately.;strong
There are nice confident people, equating those things are why you can't get laid. Source: I can't get laid.;no
I'm very proud of you too! Remember the great feeling of success you have right now it will help you next time you have the urge.;strong
Why do you feel it's not going to get better for you?;no
"Sorry to hear that. Obviously a very painful experience. Of course you're not crazy for feeling like that makes you wonder about your value as a person, but to get through this life you'll really want to get to the place where you understand other people's behaviors are a reflection of them and not of you. I'm not trying to suggest some stupid mind-trick here, of course when someone chooses another person over you, you are going to have thoughts of worthlessness and insecurity. But even if someone you are with realizes they'd rather be with someone else, it doesn't require them to cheat on you, they could just be an adult and end a relationship before doing something behind someone's back. Human love is fickle. There's no way to ever say that anyone who decides to spend time with you owes it to you to honor that choice forever, but it certainly doesn't mean they have to cheat and lie. This advice has stuck with me ever since I heard it on a podcast; don't ever expect other human beings to be rational, or to assume they are playing by the same set of rules and understandings as you are. They lived so much of their lives before you were ever it in, you have no idea if this behavior could be a reflection of something somebody else did to them in their past or whatever. You can't blame yourself for other people. Otherwise a total stranger could walk up to you on the street and punch you, and you'll spend the next week wondering what you did wrong instead of identifying that person as a violent crazy person. Regardless, it isn't exactly the most logical part of your mind that is going to feel rotten about this for a while, so no amount of information is going to make it feel better right away. But try to love yourself, and work on coming around to that understanding that other people's choices do not say anything about you, only about them. This action means that they are a cheater, not that you are worthless.";strong
I wish it was that simple, I went through the same thought process. Think of it this way, an easy suicide is going to take some set up, living is way easier. Plus once the depression clears you'll be glad you did.;weak
I know exactly how you feel. I can't get myself to study or do any work. Sometimes it really makes me worry about my future, and other times I think Am I even planning on staying here that long?;no
but how can you play sims when you're dead? jokes aside, don't do anything okay, calm down. life will bring beauty, hang on.;weak
Nah man, What you're saying is actually quite common of someone who is good at art. Most people with a high degree or artistic talent are really good at *recognizing* good art, but get frustrated because their own art doesn't live up to the crazy high standard they've set for themselves. Malcom Gladwell suggests that it takes 10,000 hours to gain mastery in something. Art is a skill just like anything else. I think a lot of people get fooled into this You either have it or you don't mentality when it comes to creative arts. It's just not the case. I think it's more important that you actually have an obsession and something that you want to be good at! Most people don't have that. Just keep practicing and never give up. If you have the drive you will succeed eventually. You'll get better and better every day.;weak
Only you can answer the question. I personally find video game is a good way to enjoy my life. Though I agree that the hamster wheel and rat-race pretty sucks, but I just don't see much alternative at this point if I want to keep doing what I do now...;weak
I guess it makes a person more defensive against other people but it really depends on the person? Some people enjoy being alone and some people can't stand it;no
That's quite a common symptoms among the depressed actually. I can relate to very well.;weak
Same, all I did was stare at the text;no
Please don't cut yourself. You can post more about your situation, I'm sure there are always people in this sub that will offer a listening ear. I would.;weak
Getting a job is pretty stressful when you're feeling down. It doesn't help that sometimes finding a job, or the right job at least, is pretty stressful itself. What I found is that volunteering is a great stepping stone on the path to getting a job and being more comfortable around people. Volunteer gigs are pretty easy to find and land, and the people who also volunteer tend to be nice people as well. If that's something interesting to you, call up your local churches and ask about volunteering opportunities. As an added bonus, volunteering work looks good on some job applications.;no
You and me both comrad.;weak
Hey. I understand what you are feeling, and I am so sorry you are experiencing this. :( really such a hopeless feeling. Please feel free to PM me if you would like to talk. About anything.;strong
If you want to vent to me my PMs are open. I'm also feeling absolutely awful currently. Sorry to hear that you're going through tough times OP.;strong
Aren't you proud about your kids;no
IT is a sector in boom right now. There are tons of jobs and its only growing. You will have no problem finding a job whatsoever, however i understand your worry is money. Even after you get a job, keep looking, and applying. The more experience you have the better. You can probably find jobs that pay higher and higher. Idk how far youre in right now through your course, but if it's not too late, try taking some security courses as well. While IT is in a boom, having security courses on your resume would almost guarantee that you will always have a job. Literally every company needs help with security, and they're will to pay lots of money to find it. Everything will be fine.;weak
Well I can say that I think it's really good that it gets better throughout the day. For me it's the opposite, my mornings are bleh. As the day goes on into the night I feel better, and before bed time I feel depressed. I think everyone is just different and maybe getting your day started gets rid of some mental worries and anticipation;weak
I'm sorry you're feeling lonely. Do you want to vent about any of that stuff here? I may not know what to say, but I promise I'll read it.;strong
I'm so happy for you! This is definitely a good sign.;strong
Dude I don't know if it'll help, but as someone who has thought about suicide I know how much it can suck, so if you want to talk about it..;weak
I had a choice of going to jail or being held for 3 days. I went to jail lol.;no
really sorry going through this. basically going through the same thing right now. Let me know if you ever wanna chat. Things will get better eventually, I hope.;strong
I feel the same way you do and would also like an answer to this question part of me want to stop taking them and fall off the deep end again im tired of putting on an act for my family because if I show them how I feel the tell me I need more meds;weak
It's true we live in a society where crying in public or hugging strangers are frowned upon. We've gone very far into the illusions of separation and it's going to take some time to break through these, but it's going to happen I have no doubt anymore! I'm sending you love and hugs through the wire even if it's only designed for 0 and 1, feel it!;strong
There are many services that local and state governments provide to help people such as yourself find work. The cool thing is they are totally free and they can provide a support system and will work with you to find a job that works for you! I would suggest looking online for these services and sending your information to them. Stay strong and I love you!!;strong
Hey, is there something that's overwhelming you, or something that you are avoiding? What is going on? Why are you in bed? Sometimes when you share it can help to lighten the burden.;no
That solves nothing and will hurt your loved ones to no end. The road to recovery takes a long time and is so much hard work, but when you get there everything will change. Seeing a doctor and getting antidepressants is the first step. The second step is finding something, ANYTHING, to get out of bed for. For me it was my cat. I would go without eating for days because I didn't want to leave my house, and I didn't want a delivery man to see the state of my house and myself. When my cat ran out of food I would suck it up and go to the store so he wouldn't be hungry. When he curled up with me I felt good, at a time that nothing else felt good. He passed a few months ago, but he flat out saved my life and I'm constantly grateful. Life can be overwhelming, especially when you feel the way you do. But you can make it better. Don't be afraid to ask for help.;weak
I didn't talk for a year and a half when I was small. I couldn't talk as I was threatened if I did then very bad things would happen. I remember it very well. It was so difficult. I'm sorry you are feeling the way you are now. I'm here if you want to talk. Please take care.;strong
Don't worry, I'm stacking my tear t_t;weak
yes I have experienced that, still do from time to time. you are not alone;weak
Why is apologizing not an option? Can you explain the situation a little?;no
that be nice? I am in the same boat...for about the last 8 years it just keeps getting worse. I am sorry you are going through it too...I am not real hopeful about it getting better for me anytime soon, but I really hope it does for you. it strange that we can believe it can for someone else, a complete stranger on the internet, but not for ourselves? If not happiness, I hope you can find at least some peace and comfort in 2019.;strong
Hey i feel ya, today is my 20th bday, Im drunk in the middle of the day and thinking how to end everything asap;weak
It isn't easy to deal with feelings of wishing we were dead, somehow escaping this world will resolve our matters. I tried taking my life multiple times as a teenager and always felt neglected and still do. Not a day goes by where I don't think how the world and people around me would be different if I was gone, either for better or for worse. I always try to remind myself that I keep myself on this planet to make the world a better place than I left it, as much as I want to leave the world right now, I fear we would just be losing to the enemy.;no
Very sorry to hear it. She came back the first time?;strong
Sorry to hear. I hope you find something grounding that will help you feel alive again.;strong
The more it manifests itself the more it'll take over your mind and convince you that it's a completely logical choice. I'm a fan of therapy, considering that you can find a good therapist. Talking to someone who doesn't degrade you for how you feel can be incredibly helpful. Those people tend to be hard to find in daily life.;weak
Don't worry, we are mortal for a reason.;weak
Absolutely. Self doubt, drifting thoughts, bleak view of the future, and a tsunami of regret floods my mind regularly every evening. Then I retreat to the Internet which keeps me up all night. It's a little out there, but I've had incredible relief from my insomnia, depression, and chronic pain using an Aerial Yoga Hammock. I hang it from the ceiling right next to my bed/computer desk and usually just cacoon in it for an hour or so. Feeling weightless and swaying back and forth has an incredibly natural calming effect on the mind. They are only $60 on amazon too. Feel better my friend, you are not alone.;weak
Hey man, I seen that you need to vent. Im all ears and you can tell me anything. Just shoot me a PM;weak
Should this really be in depression;no
For me, it's like I like someone and we can be great, but I always feel nervous, I second guess everything, I feel like I'm never good enough, like they're gonna leave me at any point;no
I'm sorry man. I wish I could take the pain away.;strong
omg lol I 100% blame my parents. After taking an AP Psychology course at my school, it kind of shifted my own perspective on my depression. I know I can't claim to be an expert after reading just one textbook, but even an idiot can realize that your behavior and who you are is just totally as a result of your parents. The genetic aspects aren't their fault of course, but they are perfect human specimens, so you can imagine what 17 years of always being wrong has done to my self esteem and thought process. Strangely, being cognizant of that fact doesn't change it much. Of course, I've directly told my parents I blame them for who I am, and as perfect specimens, they told me that I can't keep blaming them for everything. There's truth to that of course, but it's rather incredible that they can find the gall to abdicate themselves of all guilt and responsibility. I'd better just get on my hands and knees and obey their every whim, since they're the ones who work and pay for my existence, regardless of whether or not I can actually do jack shit about that (child labor laws, yo). Lol sorry your post is just so relatable I had to rant.;strong
Alright breathe. Its going to be okay. Your adrenaline is pumping and you're not thinking clearly. Take a moment step outside, get a snack or some thing to drink. Its going to be okay. Unfortunately, you didn't give any description so I'm not sure what I can help you with but man...I can tell you one thing. Things sure do have a funny way of fixing itself or getting better even when you least expect it to. Keep your chin up.;weak
It is unfair. Modern psychology/psychiatry is completely incapable of helping those who are in severe pain with lifelong battles with mental illness. It often feels like we are just vehicles of pain who live so that others don't suffer from grief should we commit suicide. As we develop a greater sensitivity to the cost of mental illness, policies and social norms will change: Some countries now allow for euthanasia for those with chronic and unbearable mental illness. But what's strange about all of this is, even though I'm certain I have the right to kill myself because I'm miserable everyday, I am pulling for you to live, even though you're a stranger on the internet. I have hope for you and I don't even know you. I want you to wait it out, to battle it out, not because you owe me or anyone else, but because I think there might be something better for you in a day or a week or a decade from now. What have you tried so far to get some relief? Has anything worked? What can you do that brings you moments of enjoyment?;weak
Chemically using calcium hydroxide. easy to go overboard, though. I have on several instances burned so deeply it destroyed nerve cut too, but generally stick with burns.;no
Hate to say it, but it sounds like you might have a bad dr. One time during a depressive episode I happened to tell my dr everything that was going on with me (similar to your situation) he started me on a new medication but did not mess around with a lower dose. Just a thought, that maybe she shouldn't have started you on the lowest dose assuming she knew you had attempted, that is.;weak
I can lend a ear if she'd like...;weak
"I used to feel like that too. Now I've understood that acquaintances and friends can be won and lost overtime. You make friends, you lose some, you keep in touch with others. Don't expect anything from them; instead focus on the quality moments you have with them that make you happy.";weak
Yes, tell them to fuck the right;no
That's quite a common symptoms among the depressed actually. I can relate to very well.;weak
on it right now, but I be much help as I have been known to be treatment resistant and for me it does about the same as the rest as in it more so numbs me to all feeling but is not as strong as others in that way so i still sunk low quite a bit, but on like 7 or 8 different meds in the past 6 years so my experience mean to much, I hope it works great for you though. If you mind me asking what is the dosage your on for them?;weak
I will. I'm a heroin addict and sick as hell. I'd like someone to talk to, too. PM me.;weak
Yeah, LDRs sure have their challenges. Anything in particular you'd like to talk about? I've been in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend for the last couple of years so I might be able to offer some insight or at least my own opinion on them. It won't give you any answers or solutions but it might help to have a different perspective.;weak
I do understand why upset. You pour your heart and soul out and do everything you can in order to make that special person happy. But keep in mind that they ask you to go above and beyond. That was a choice you made. not fair to expect them to reciprocate when the one who wanted to pamper them... I think that instead of trying to you should voice your thoughts to her. You can explain how you feel. That you hope they can try to be more ... affectionate, attentive, appreciative, etc. This is a relationship. Communication is so important but more importantly is respect for each other. If u care about her try and make her sad because hurt. And sometimes it takes time for a relationship to build trust and affection. Some people as good at dating as others. I hope doing okay whether you stay with her or not.;no
People are generally selfish and inconsiderate. Different people have different ideas of what friendship is, or should be. You are not crazy, they just don't understand your emotional needs.;weak
You feel judged? Perhaps you haven't accomplish what you told them you would? Or why do you feel this way;no
That pointless feeling, like 'why?' I hear you on that.;weak
I've read that the minimum lethal dose of hydroxyzine is 1650 mg, but that is impossible to calculate correctly because of body weight, differences in absorption, etc. With Luvox, full recovery with minimal effects has been noted at overdoses of up to 9 grams. You might be successful, especially if you are small and don't weigh much, but there is a not insignificant chance you might end up alive and brain damaged instead. I know I'm a stranger, but I am sorry about whatever has brought you to this point. Do consider trying to get help - even if you have before, think about it one last time.;strong
I'm sorry to hear that. If you are able to you could channel that sadness into a drawing or poem or something like that. It might help a little.;strong
Staying at home: regret. Loneliness. Going out: pain, anxiety. Even more loneliness when being in a crowd and having nobody to talk to. I forced myself out again and again to _some_ social events that I can do and that also advance me. Where I actually can talk to people.;no
"It's a terrible feeling when you try to hold on to even the most minuscule things that bring you any slight amount of joy, and one by one those things get taken from you. What I try to do is work back on a route to the thing that would lead to getting the one thing that could be right. i.e. something that costs money makes you happy, but you don't make enough money; need a way to make more money; dedicate all free time to applying for better work. Or, feel lonely and haven't got anybody; need to find somebody to stop feeling like that; need to know best places to find somebody; research ways to meet people and put self into that situation. Or feel worthless; being of use to someone or something would make me feel less worthless; dedicate myself to making myself of use to someone who needs somebody; use free time aiding charity or institution where people need you, and you can feel needed. Honestly, I know it's not that easy a fix, and there will be more bumps to overcome. One of my larger problems is isolation and loneliness, and even having looked at places to go, I still haven't found the courage to put myself into a situation to meet people. But generating a simple starting point where you can do something easily achievable, even just through reading online about how to get started, can make you feel proactive and start to get you into a more productive feeling that maybe it won't be like that forever, and that there is a physical, tangible, mortal way to deal with the situation. So, I would recommend pick a small goal that CAN lead to some form of happiness and work towards that, rather than try to envision this great milestone of achieving happiness in one big leap. Helps you take it day by day a little easier, and I hope that would make each new day, if not better, at least consistent for you. Feel better soon, bud.";weak
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
Sorry. I feel the same way. There's absolutely nothing in this life I want. It is kind of driving me crazy though because I don't know what to literally, actually do.;strong
You can check and see if your insurance will cover it;no
I always wondered, why are people so obsessed with prolonging their lives?? Are you just into pain?;no
I am sorry...time helps more or less, it's hard to forget someone like that, 4 months later, I am not sure if I feel any different unfortunately..;strong
Highs and lows, just the cycle of depression, the key is understanding what set you down that low, a bad test score, relationship issues, new work load, money issues. Then once you can identify your triggers you can make some plans to avoid them or change what made you drop in the first place;no
I feel you. I just lost a battle on HS because of my stupid wifi connection and makes me want to die. Why am I so unlucky? Why always me and not others? I mean, it occasionally happens, but I struggle even on videogames now. It feels so fucking horrible to not be good in what you used to be good. Depression sucks. I feel you.;weak
You are not alone in any of that and my heart goes out to you and I think its important to seek professional help for these types of feelings, im sorry i couldn't help more and hope you get better;strong
Currently 1:43am where I am. I have to be up at 7:20. At this point I'm just staying up because I'm self destructive and I don't want to wake up and have to deal with tomorrow. Even when I get 8-10 hours of sleep, I'm tired. It's infuriating. I never feel well rested, I just feel like I need a good night's sleep to fix myself... But a good night's sleep does not exist.;no
Dude! ME TOO. and the guy next to me, and the chick over there. Sorry, trying to break the ice.. But in all seriousness our past is what it is and we can't change it. The future is what we want it to be and we can try our hardest to make it how we want too, but in reality, nobody can ultimately control the future anyway. Focus on today. It's the small things.;weak
Or play video games or eat or smile or think coherent thoughts or think of reality as real. Depression can really sap the life out of you and is really hard to communicate to someone who has not experienced it.;no
That's an accomplishment for most of the population to be honest. You had a productive day, be proud of yourself.;weak
You're not worthless, you just haven't found something to show your worth to yourself yet. Focus on yourself and not what others perceive of you. There are tons of people who are considered annoying, but they love themselves so why would they care?;weak
I cannot imagine how much pain leads somebody to suicide. God Bless;weak
I'm sorry you're feeling so blue today. I want to wish you a happy birthday and send some massively big hugs to you.;strong
Yep! I love watching vlogs on youtube because it feels like I have a friend with me, telling me about their day or week. I also just love background noise, and it honestly does help me feel less lonely. I think it's a pretty common thing, my dad isn't depressed either and he has to have a TV on when he is by himself or else he feels weird.;no
I guess you just become a realist? An example, a family was diagnosed with diabetes and the doctors told her that if she waited for another hour before going to the doctor that she could have died. All the family was worried. But me? I just thought If she dies, well, it was her time. The things that happen to everyone else don't apply anymore to you. And it terrifies me.;no
I do. I push people away, am very irritable out of nowhere even if someone says a certain word of phrase. I'm pretty shitty actually, but I can't stop :(;no
I am sorry I'm alive;strong
I can only be less sad around kids. They have this energy and innocence that take some sadness out of me. I play with them, make them laugh, feed them, wash their hands. But, I am not around kids very often (I don't have children of my own and relative's kids I see them once a year). But yeah I know what makes me feel better for now. Find what makes you fee less sad, don't aim for the extreme fun and happiness all at once, just less sadness is good.;no
i'm certain there's a science behind the calmness i feel in water. i've heard things about flowing water making people with anxiety feel better and i often notice it myself.;no
I don't cry under what most people would consider emotional situations. Weddings, funerals, yadda yadda. But once in a while when I'm laying in the dark and I'm alone with my thoughts, it happens. And I curse at myself for such weakness, then.;no
I am sorry I'm alive;strong
I thought I was alone in this, but yeah, sometimes the self hatred/pity/sadness becomes so overwhelming I stop in place and feel like I can't move for any amount of time, be it 10 seconds, or 10 minutes.;no
What were you like as a child? Were you high-achieving back then as well, and did you feel a pressure to do well in any aspect?;no
I lost mine years ago. I can only offer that you aren't alone, for what that's worth.;weak
Well I dont know what to say, do you know why you feel that ? Is there any reason ? It could be a good start for discussion. It's your life, your story and when I thought hard about suicide, I told to myself that my story wont end like that, not yet at least.;no
Maybe you can find a room mate or something ? Idk what type of housing you live in (e.g. apt., house, renting, etc.) but that may help cut monthly expenses in some way too if that's something you're looking for. Maybe get a pet if your housing accommodations allow it. Pets really help with loneliness and depression sometimes. People can even actually get their pets registered as official emotional assistance animals. In some cases, they will be allowed to live in certain housing areas in which pets would otherwise not be allowed. Sometimes it's easy to focus on the negative of living alone. But there are tons of good things about it as well. You just gotta look towards those as well.;weak
You know you did the right thing. Be proud of that.;weak
I lost my hair as well some years ago because of stress and depression. Please try to feel better, eat enough and sleep. I swear, not having as much hair as others do makes me feel horrible. So try keeping on yours.;no
Dont do it man. I consider it every day, but you need to keep pulling forward. even if the world throws everything at you, you need to keep pulling strong. Even of you dont believe it, things will get better.;weak
You are seen! We care about you here. Its not always a booming because everyone is so sad themselves but we look out for eachother here;weak
"Why the heck do we hate ourselves?! Man such as crappy lie we have bought from seriously the pit of hell. Nothing else could be so evil as to make us not believe we are worthy and deserving of a good life just as much as everyone else. Sorry to get weird there, it just makes me mad that anyone has to feel this way about themselves. Anyway, I have one scar on my arm from one time that I tried that and there forever. It still makes me sad when I see it. so sorry for what pain you are in. There will be a time in your future where you will not feel so much pain and will hopefully even feel better about yourself &amp; the future you will be so thankful if you permanently scar your face.";strong
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
So sorry for your loss;strong
Heya buddy, i can relate, After 18 years of struggling I finally found out I have dyslexia, fine motor control issues and short term memory loss. It was like I had been designed to be the perfect malfunction so I cant do academics. I am different but I'd rather be dead then looked down upon by some other idiot who can do things I can't. I can do something better then they can, know how to go through hard times and keep pushing. When life gets hard for them they will break, and I won't be there to help them. Don't worry about other people, they will become dust while you will become a diamond. My question to you is, how are you going to move forward?;weak
Hi AJ! glad to meet ya! Welcome to the sub jen. 31 and been depressed off and on since I remember when. Crappy family life yadda yadda. What kinda stuff are you into?;weak
"Same, and I go to an expensive university so I feel even more like a waste because I can't find my passion like those around me. But I've been told it doesnt actually matter despite the gaping hole inside me. Hope you are ok&lt;3";weak
I totally agree. That's why I visit this sub a lot. It's nice to know you aren't alone.;weak
I bought my self kfc, no one is doing anything, or i should say i was invited to nothing. Im sorry to hear that im sure she loves you or why else would you still be living with her. if you just went over to visit im unsure why youd put your self threw that.;strong
Hi, I just relapsed too. You're so much stronger than you think--I haven't been able to beat a month since November but maybe I will now that I'm back to seeing a therapist again. Have you considered seeing someone to talk about this?;weak
Sorry man, PC masterrace here. Hope you'll spruce up your friend list nicely.;strong
Mirtazapine as far as I know is used for depression/insomnia typically. Not for adhd. I would ask your doctor about vyvance or another drug similar to that for your adhd... mirtazapine is perfectly fine to go from that dose to 30 in my opinion. It would be better if your body was introduced longer to the 15mg (2weeks) then bumped up to 30mg, but I see no complications or issues with being bumped up to 30mg this early in the game. Side effects of Mirtazapine are that it will make you tired, so the motivation and everything may be an issue with your adhd... Again look into vyvance. You may gain some weight also, that is a common side effect. Also some anxiety could occur, but that is rare. important to read up on your meds when you receive new ones. Or ask your doctor before you even get prescribed them.;no
I'm so sorry to hear that. I know there's not much I can really say to help. I hope they are happy wherever they are. Were you close? I hope you are handling the passing okay.;strong
Yes hunny what you need?;weak
I'm sorry. I wish I could help. I feel the same way.;strong
Hang in there. Things can feel intolerable they really can. Can you try listening to your favourite music?;weak
I am sorry feeling this way, I have been where you are and I know how much it sucks. Please give up!;strong
It gets better.... hang in;weak
Ah I'm sorry :( Panic attack are awful but you certainly shouldn't feel embarrassed!;strong
Neither, got drunk to try sleep but instead im going to be sleep deprived and hungover for christmas :D;no
You aren't too much they are just assholes for leaving you. its horrible for them to just leave you when you are struggling because they don't feel like being supportive. You will find friends who care. Sometimes friends come out and tell you that you can talk to them about anything you just need to find the right people.;weak
Please don't. Its just not right choice make. There is always something that can be done other than that.;strong
If you need someone to talk to, you can always pm me;weak
Nightmares would even work. They increase my chance of getting killed and are just as meaningless as everything else.;no
a precious entity. so much more than the harm you cause yourself.;weak
And this is why I am sleeping like 12 hours a day now. In my dreams, everything is great. Then I wake up and it is like F*ck me, not;no
All I can provide for you is the cliche reply telling you that there is much more to life than struggling and that it can change if you try to. But non of this might affect you. You yourself have control of your own life and what you do with it. All I can say is that you might be making a really regrettable decision as you only have one life to live and enjoy to a degree. You only get one chance to feel anything if nothing and that is more than an incentive for most to keep going.;no
I'm very sorry that happened to you - I know the pain of loving someone and not having them love you back - How long have you back feeling depressed for?;strong
I get you. What's your situation?;no
No colors anymore, I want them to turn black I see the girls walk by dressed in their summer clothes I have to turn my head until my darkness goes...;no
Happy birthday my dude. definitely get better, I promise.;weak
I think everyone's life is shitty, we're just the ones who are aware of and can't stop obsessing over it.;no
I'm sorry, that is so sad!!!! It is a cruel world. But you make it better with your kind, sensitive heart.;strong
Well yeah, but what about the relatives and the mess?;no
I day dream about death sometimes, but honestly I want to die but not just by myself or an accident. I want to die doing something good. I don't want my suicide to be just a loss of a life but more of a loss for a good cause. For example dieing while fighting for my country would be a good way.;no
I know that feeling. If you want to talk about it, I'm here. Feel free to message me if you like.;weak
Just fucking do it. what could go wrong. Make your life about being grateful for everything and you will not be disappointed. Stay busy. don't let yourself get lost in anything but her. make loving her your first and for most job and you will never be disappointed or sad.;weak
Feel free to Pm me Ive been through almost the same thing and overcame it;weak
This is a perfect place to vent your mind if you want to continue.;no
Hi, I just relapsed too. You're so much stronger than you think--I haven't been able to beat a month since November but maybe I will now that I'm back to seeing a therapist again. Have you considered seeing someone to talk about this?;weak
I feel you there and I am so sorry! Those people suck!;strong
Does you happiness rely on other people's behavior?;no
What can we do to help?;no
if anything i can do for you, OP, im right here.;weak
What seems to be weighing you down lately? If you need someone to talk to, I'm here. :);weak
I'm so sorry you're going through this.. My dog passed away two months ago so I know how painful it is :( I adopted another dog, I was still upset but it definitely helped me with the grieving process.;strong
"Why the heck do we hate ourselves?! Man such as crappy lie we have bought from seriously the pit of hell. Nothing else could be so evil as to make us not believe we are worthy and deserving of a good life just as much as everyone else. Sorry to get weird there, it just makes me mad that anyone has to feel this way about themselves. Anyway, I have one scar on my arm from one time that I tried that and there forever. It still makes me sad when I see it. so sorry for what pain you are in. There will be a time in your future where you will not feel so much pain and will hopefully even feel better about yourself &amp; the future you will be so thankful if you permanently scar your face.";strong
My plan is to have enough money to start a cocaine and hookers lifestyle until I die of hepatitis C;no
I can get that, but the feeling's only temporary, isn't it? An hour or two maybe depending on what exactly, but still. Those things always run out and I find myself being broke not long later, having to lend or beg relatives, yadda yadda yadda. I hate it, but love it at the same time because that always seems to pay off. Sure, I don't have the right mindset for this thing - drugs are bad, and so on and so on but whatever works works. Just make sure it works and doesn't make it worse is my advice.;no
There's always someone out there who cares. It's just about finding and confiding in them.;no
I tried one once. It was a cool experience, but I'm also afraid of the dark, so it was a little anxiety inducing (they had a button to turn the lights on though). I don't know if it's really helpful, but it's still something I'd recommend, even if just for the experience;no
Chemical imbalance in your brain, its alright , happened a lot of time for a lot of people;weak
Thats why i hated high school, the person who sits alone(at least at my old high school) always ends up getting made fun of and laughed at, its ridiculous and stupid. I was always one to ask people who sat alone if they wanted to sit with me and my friends. I can't understand why they would make fun of someone. Hang in there man.;weak
Each year just keeps getting worse haha please end me;no
I either think they are faking and have pain of their own or I think they are airheads who are unaware of reality.;no
Why are you thinking about it? What's so wrong in your life that you feel the need to take such drastic measure?;no
I wanna be lonely with you guys to. Here's one big lonely hug , squeeze hard might be the only one you get. I'm alone by myself oh so lonely, just want to feel close to another like myself, I'm blown away by the shear lone that has overcome me, will I ever break the chains that imprisoned me to lonliness. Am I to endure this for the rest of my life?;strong
Never give a permanent answer to a temporal problem, that's like burning your house down to kill a spider.;no
I bought my self kfc, no one is doing anything, or i should say i was invited to nothing. Im sorry to hear that im sure she loves you or why else would you still be living with her. if you just went over to visit im unsure why youd put your self threw that.;strong
It's normal, don't worry too much about it.;weak
You will be fine! I would suggest, sit down with a glass of water and do anything too intensive. Let us know how you feel later on. :);weak
Same ! +Crying every now and then.;no
No, I basically did this and dug myself into a much deeper hole to climb out of.;no
I'm sorry to hear that. How long have you been dealing with depression? Life is indeed very messy and hard. I'd hang out with you and buy you a drink and listen to your story if I could.;strong
Sorry to hear you have been going through a rough time. Emotions can be hard to control and anger can be an easy out. It lets you feel powerful, in control of things. In therapy they teach you to sit-down often and sort through your emotions. What emotion are you experiencing right now? How do you identify it? What caused you to feel like this? What steps can you make to prevent this feeling? Try to walk yourself through some of these exercises. They might help you better understand your emotions so that you can control them in the future.;strong
I am. It's hard to be sober, because I don't feel like the fun joyful person I am when I'm drunk. When I'm not drunk I'm depressed and anxious and in pain and I hate it. And I'm sorry that you're feeling like this :( I'm here for ya;strong
Uhhh... who? Sorry I can't help you very much...;strong
I do, because no one can change how i feel anyway.;no
I can't even cry anymore though... I think I've spent all my crying cards for life;no
Can you talk about whats going on in your head? Maybe if you get it out, it will be a little more sorted? I'm sorry it's so overwhelming right now. Someone loves you, they just don't know how to show it the right way, right now.;strong
It's all about tiny victories!!! Keep going my friend :);weak
8 years of very severe, suicidal depression, I feel you, mate. I'm incredibly sorry.;strong
What I did was have a rubber band at all times so when the urge came, I'd pull my rubber band and let it sting my wrist. Maybe you can try that? I also go running. I cry while I run but I feel good after...;no
You're not worthless, you just haven't found something to show your worth to yourself yet. Focus on yourself and not what others perceive of you. There are tons of people who are considered annoying, but they love themselves so why would they care?;weak
"I realize I had depression for a long time, and sometimes I still doubt I do but that may just be the illness. I just sort of always felt sad, or at most neutral, but I had a good job, finished school, and an active social life. It was the little invisible things that nobody ever saw. Staying in bed awake for hours on weekdays, intentionally isolating myself or lying so I could be alone and mope. I stopped exercising and gained a ton of weight. Hell I even had suicidal ideation and I just thought it was normal. I want to kill myself but I stop thinking about death and me dying. It sometimes felt like if I stopped existing it would be fine. I knew something was wrong but I was adamant it depression. Then I went to my doctor thinking I had an anxiety problem and he began to ask THE questions. I knew he was trying to see if I had depression and it caught me by surprise. Of course I lied for most of them. It would be embarrassing; there was no way I was depressed, but the thought had worked its way in. Over the course of a year I did some idle research. I realized suicidal thoughts and a fascination with death are not normal. I matched a lot of my behavior to symptoms of depression. I came to accept it. All said I was depressed for 3+ years before I realized it.";no
I wanna be lonely with you guys to. Here's one big lonely hug , squeeze hard might be the only one you get. I'm alone by myself oh so lonely, just want to feel close to another like myself, I'm blown away by the shear lone that has overcome me, will I ever break the chains that imprisoned me to lonliness. Am I to endure this for the rest of my life?;strong
Well if it feels like another long stage depression, it's easier to get help now before it hits full force. Good luck and I'm sorry;strong
Because sometimes it just takes time. Serotonin and dopamine take their time to adjust. Also, though the gym is great, it will deplete you so you might be suffering from that. Get a lot of protein, magnesium and zinc and repeat tomorrow. And congrats! You did great today.;strong
Then fuck it, you're not her responsibility anymore. You'll have to be in charge of your own happiness;no
It takes a while but sometimes I get in the mood for something small or i replace my old hobbies with new ones. I gave up on my trading card hobby and went back to video games. Not just the mmo's i passively play but regular single player games. Its keeping my interest for now. Some of these games I would have never played if it wasn't for people recommending on. Basically maybe something will come up or search around for something that seems interesting.;no
You hate yourself? But who is yourself, what do you hate?;no
"So sorry you are going through this. My mom died when I was 21. It's a traumatizing experience. I hope you have a supportive family. My family was only my mom and sisters at that time. Don't kill your self; your dad would not want that. Get help even if you don't feel like living right now. It does get better.";strong
This is really sweet. Send her horrid memes, lol. Or maybe remind of something really funny that happened between you two in the past. You can mail a small box for like $5, mail her a letter and some of her favorite candy. Any small thing you can think of that just might put a smile on her face would probably help. Even if just a phone call or text.;no
Yeah, I resonate with a lot of what you're saying. It's only on a place like here or a depression support group that you would find others that feel this way. Let me ask you this: what do you find joy or distraction in? Tell me everything you have tried.;weak
Yes. All the time. I find myself just moving along, following whatever life throws at me. I constantly have this feeling of dread overwhelm me when I notice my brain and distancing myself from the I know what to think. This life sucks. I just never wanted to exist.;no
hey man dont go at least talk with us;weak
I'm so sorry to hear that. I know there's not much I can really say to help. I hope they are happy wherever they are. Were you close? I hope you are handling the passing okay.;strong
Hey bud. You're right but... don't feed the trolls.;weak
You got it all wrong. You should be looking forward to making more of those happy days, if you force yourself to be sad simply because you know you're depressed, you'll never get over it ever. Hang onto those days and strive to make more happy days each month. Depression is fed from negative thought process, let it starve;no
I think it is objectively pointless, humans seek meaning in things, and life has no definite meaning. For me, it's ironic, on one hand, I want to die ASAP maybe in my sleep, on the other, I want to live as long as possible to witness how far technology can reach, especially for astronomy and VR. I suppose what I'm trying to say is, as many had said before, we have to find our own meanings. We have to find 'joy' somehow, within this pointless struggle until the day we die. It's tough, I know, for I suffer the same.;no
I am sorry I'm alive;strong
I look in the mirror sometimes and think how pathetic I am;no
*hug* I can't remember the last time someone apart from my mom hugged me either, I need a hug or a cuddle so bad, the lack of intimacy with anyone is killing me. I feel incredibly lonely and empty all the time. I don't know how long I can go on. Best of luck!;strong
omg lol I 100% blame my parents. After taking an AP Psychology course at my school, it kind of shifted my own perspective on my depression. I know I can't claim to be an expert after reading just one textbook, but even an idiot can realize that your behavior and who you are is just totally as a result of your parents. The genetic aspects aren't their fault of course, but they are perfect human specimens, so you can imagine what 17 years of always being wrong has done to my self esteem and thought process. Strangely, being cognizant of that fact doesn't change it much. Of course, I've directly told my parents I blame them for who I am, and as perfect specimens, they told me that I can't keep blaming them for everything. There's truth to that of course, but it's rather incredible that they can find the gall to abdicate themselves of all guilt and responsibility. I'd better just get on my hands and knees and obey their every whim, since they're the ones who work and pay for my existence, regardless of whether or not I can actually do jack shit about that (child labor laws, yo). Lol sorry your post is just so relatable I had to rant.;strong
Happy birthday. I hope you do something fun after work.;weak
I agree. This is a good reminder. Thank you. I remember realizing that the way I treated myself was much harsher than I would treat anyone else. The best advice that helped me was to talk to myself as I would talk to a loved friend. I imagine that self compassion applies. We would show compassion to a dear friend, so we should practice that compassion with ourselves.;weak
I'm sorry you're feeling lonely. Do you want to vent about any of that stuff here? I may not know what to say, but I promise I'll read it.;strong
I'll be honest, I feel kinda sorry for you. You have completely nobody? Perhaps you had some people, but due to some things those relationships didn't work out?;strong
sorry man. If people judge you for it then FUCK THEM;strong
Every room I walk into I become the reject;no
Sorry, it's hard. I hated it.;weak
I hope you can learn to stop. I promise you there is someone out there that cares about you very much and would be heartbroken to see you go. I know it's hard, but I've been there too. The most amazing person just came into my life and having her around makes everything easier. I hope you have someone like that too.;weak
I've struggled with abandonment issues most of my life, my fiancee left me last year, my friends and family act like I don't exist and even though I brought that up in the one counselling session I've ever had, I still got turned down for counselling. I tried going private and still got the same result. What does it say when someone with abandonment issues gets turned away by a therapist? You can't tell someone that their therapist cares about them because you care about the kids you look after.;no
I'm so sorry you feel that pain. I know that pain all too well. That's amazing that you went so long without it! I can hardly manage three months, and I've been doing it for years. It's hard not to do it when you have no one to talk to. You are fine. People slip up here and there.;strong
Wow great fucking advice. I no longer have to be sad or anything. You know cured. going to go dance on rainbows!;strong
I think that avoiding work to sit at home in your misery is a bad thing. Getting out of the house is recommended even if it's something like going to work. Obviously do whatever you feel is best but I don't think skipping work is going to help you get any better. For example I could barely get out of bed this morning to go to work but even though I'm here hating it I would alternatively be at home sleeping until 2pm then lay in bed on my phone all day.;no
"So sorry you are going through this. My mom died when I was 21. It's a traumatizing experience. I hope you have a supportive family. My family was only my mom and sisters at that time. Don't kill your self; your dad would not want that. Get help even if you don't feel like living right now. It does get better.";strong
Absolutely. Self doubt, drifting thoughts, bleak view of the future, and a tsunami of regret floods my mind regularly every evening. Then I retreat to the Internet which keeps me up all night. It's a little out there, but I've had incredible relief from my insomnia, depression, and chronic pain using an Aerial Yoga Hammock. I hang it from the ceiling right next to my bed/computer desk and usually just cacoon in it for an hour or so. Feeling weightless and swaying back and forth has an incredibly natural calming effect on the mind. They are only $60 on amazon too. Feel better my friend, you are not alone.;weak
I'm so glad you're happy! It's nice to see happy people :) Also, happy birthday! Hopefully your day turns/turned out well!;strong
Does anyone know about that demon?;no
life is not bullshit, gotta live to get that next high );no
I kind of agree with you but doing all that requires an actual effort and energy. Sometimes I'm just happy to get through the day. It's a vicious cycle of being unhappy with yourself and having zero motivation to change something.;weak
I hate being told that. Do people think we haven't thought about it before?;no
I think everyone has good characteristics to them. Everyone's good at something. Your mind won't buy it, I know, but there's a ton of stuff you've been doing longer successfully than anyone else has: your life, and everything in it. I don't know about you but I know you're good at something, not that you have a particular gifted talent but you do have a strong suit of some kind that you can hone in some way to your advantage. I believe everyone can find their if they try.;no
I am glad you aren't doing it, I am lucky myself in that I was equally lazy and depressed when I was at my worst, but by doing nothing you aren't making a terrible mistake. Thanks foring with us tonight.;weak
Psychiatry and/or psychology can be a big help. Psychologists, at least in Illinois, can't prescribe, so their first choice may not be drug therapy.;no
Lucky you...I just wanted the same but all my family is spending it with each other and their in laws...I wasn't invited anywhere with any of them and yes I know this sounds like a pity party.;strong
Ambien, xanax, cough syrup, a handful of muscle relaxers. Drinking alcohol keeps me awake. Zzquil and melatonin do nothing for me.;no
Tell us a bit more. What's your story?;no
I'm sorry. This is true for me as well. And they regularly remind me. I think we can get through it though. Actually, that's a lie. I hope you can get through it. I'm not going to be able too.....;strong
sorry to hear that, but been in a similar situation after taking some time off of school. My best advice is to take the minimum amount of classes possible so you get too overwhelmed. For me essential to plan my assignments in advance, so that I can just do things one by one and not let it all get piled up cuz then I wanna die. Also, if you need a break, take one. School will always be there but good to take care of yourself too :);strong
Fuck what they say, you know in your heart that doing your best with a terrible sickness;weak
I do not know you, nor do I know your situation but just know that is purely depression talking. As someone who feels inadequate everyday because I met my school/career goals yet, I struggle constantly with feeling like a failure. You will get through this. It seem like it will getter better but I promise you that it will.;weak
Minor problems can become major very quickly. The earlier you start addressing your issues, the better your chance of recovery.;no
As someone said here previously, depression doesn't care who you are, where you are from, what you have or don't have. Even if you don't have serious problems, depression makes you feel like you're carrying all the problems of the world. It's true btw, there are people who are disabled, blind, deaf and still be happy, I don't have any of these problems, yet feel shit most of the time, and that makes me feel *guilty*..;no
Dating a depressed person is like dating a child with temper tantrums. I suggest you to focus on your own happiness first, then be there to support them when they need you. You are ultimately two individuals with individual needs and ideals. Live and let live, support and be supported are the key. You are at this point just dating and you must remember that you shouldn't give more than what you must. It should be a harmony where equal emotional exchange is the mandate. Otherwise it takes a toll lime it is right now and if things go sour it will be your fault and you are bound to hurt the most because you gave more than you had and got lesser in return. Balance is key, communication is the order. Respect and understanding is the borderline;weak
That's terrible. I can understand the struggle they must be. This world is not sustainable for a lot of people.;weak
Try CBT. Cognitive Behavioural Therapy. Find a therapist who uses this method. I've just started this so I can't personally verify that it will work but it has worked for others.;no
Honestly, I don't know as I've never been suicidal myself. Still, if you want to talk, may I ask you if something happened to make you feel this way?;weak
Genetics are a bitch. I have depression and anxiety throughout my entire family. No one batted an eye when I told my mom I wanted to kill myself in 10th grade. It was like ahh she's arrived at the depression, we've been waiting for this. Like it was puberty or something. I don't want to die anymore but everyday is a struggle for happiness and taming my anxiety feels like a full time job. You're not alone my friend.;weak
please don't. I'm telling you. Just don't. Think about your loved one. Seek help from professionals. Try to rationalize everything.;no
i totally get that shit. seriously i do. i was just asking, i was just wondering. maybe your one of the lucky ones meant to wait for their real love to come. giving my situation id of totally preferred that, then being torn apart with bad relationships causing all sorts of insecurities. being lonely sucks, but being broken any better.. be;weak
what are you needing help with? part of the problem with anti depressents is how easily and flippantly they are prescribed. There is use for these medications but should be far more proper professional analysis before determining the correct meds, and monitoring. Lack of health care support means throwing the most widely used ones at a patient, refer a psych and hope for the best. They are not terrible, can help in many people but take so long to be effective and are hit and miss so its a tough solution when in a present difficult crisis. Sometimes doctors will prescribe short term assistance like Benzos and tranquilizers to keep stable in the short term, I found this works better for me than long term anti-depressents.;no
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
There's nothing wrong with being a virgin. I'm one, too, and I don't feel bad about myself for it. I'm proud of it, actually. Also, I don't understand sexuality probably because of my autism. Remember, it's not a competition. Once you lose it, you can't get it back. There are a lot of other types of love out there than just physical love. I don't understand why people around my age are upset about being a virgin to begin with. Don't feel so negative about yourself. There are people in this world who love you already such as your family. Take care of yourself.;no
Eff that thing, let's go for a beer and let her know she means nothing to you now. Passive aggressive may not be the best, but I had a friend who did the same for me when I found out I was cheated on. He took me out to a bar, shot the shit with me and it really helped connecting with someone who cared enough to be there for me, I hope you've the same friends (if it fits your life style). I'm always down for a solid IPA!;weak
Honestly, it's because cats are evil. My fishies are nicer...except for bubbles the clownfish.;no
It's a terrible thing when I listen to a song only to make me absurdly happy and within second the high is gone and I have completely forgotten what that feeling was like.;no
My boyfriend and i officially broke up yesterday. The pain you are feeling is not foolish nor is it you being weak. When we tend to get into relationships we often more time than not replace friendships with our partners. And as time progresses the person is not just simply a partner but a friend whom is apart of the very foundation our life is build upon. I am not sure why you two broke up. And i know it hurts extremely bad, and life has lost much of its meaning. I will it try to come up with some lighthearted crap that tells you everything is going to disappear quickly. This will be tough, this will hurt, and at times it will feel like nothing at all is worth living for. But i must tell you this feeling is temporary..... it will not last forever. How long it will last i cannot say, when it will end i cannot say either. But take it one day at a time. Do things that are only necessary for your existence. And those that are extra if you are not up to it do it. Within the relationship i am sure there were flaws on both parts, beat yourself up about them. When the time is right started to fix those things. And if in months or weeks time you feel like you want to reach out to see if anything can be rekindled do so. But you as a person have to stand alone so if or when this may happen it will not shake your entire life. Become strong from this.;weak
"Hey. I know who you are, what doing or even thinking right now, but I do hope that still here for now at least, and reading this comment. really sorry for how feeling right now, and even though been through this for the last 2 years already, I say that I understand how you feel; even though I wish that I could. But please, please know that if you still need to talk, you could message me yeah? This truly is a really shitty world; but in light of all this, there are still people who are genuinely kind, who would really want to help. Being a beacon of light for those who are still suffering and letting the light from others shine onto you; this the purpose of living? The purpose of still staying here?";strong
If you were here I would hug you right now.;strong
omg lol I 100% blame my parents. After taking an AP Psychology course at my school, it kind of shifted my own perspective on my depression. I know I can't claim to be an expert after reading just one textbook, but even an idiot can realize that your behavior and who you are is just totally as a result of your parents. The genetic aspects aren't their fault of course, but they are perfect human specimens, so you can imagine what 17 years of always being wrong has done to my self esteem and thought process. Strangely, being cognizant of that fact doesn't change it much. Of course, I've directly told my parents I blame them for who I am, and as perfect specimens, they told me that I can't keep blaming them for everything. There's truth to that of course, but it's rather incredible that they can find the gall to abdicate themselves of all guilt and responsibility. I'd better just get on my hands and knees and obey their every whim, since they're the ones who work and pay for my existence, regardless of whether or not I can actually do jack shit about that (child labor laws, yo). Lol sorry your post is just so relatable I had to rant.;strong
Quote I've always hung hard into everything will be ok in the end, if it's not okay, it's not the end I understand that is a very hard thing to believe. I went out of it over two and a half years, and I hadn't ever known about these kinds of things until I was 19. Just trying to say it can be done man. Love you;strong
I'm sorry, that is so sad!!!! It is a cruel world. But you make it better with your kind, sensitive heart.;strong
Hey, sorry that you had to deal with that. Those dreams that you discern from reality are the worst... is this something that you frequently deal with?;strong
just a stranger on the internet, but not alone. here to listen.;weak
It's true we live in a society where crying in public or hugging strangers are frowned upon. We've gone very far into the illusions of separation and it's going to take some time to break through these, but it's going to happen I have no doubt anymore! I'm sending you love and hugs through the wire even if it's only designed for 0 and 1, feel it!;strong
If you don't count my mother or family members, about 3 years.;no
Depends on what you want to do. Be rid of it? Or get better at handling it? Did it come out of nowhere? Or have you had it for a while?;no
Uhhh... who? Sorry I can't help you very much...;strong
I'm sorry for however long you still have to deal with them, but some day you will be able to walk away from them if you choose to, and that is 100% okay. You are your own very awesome person and they don't get a say in who you are.;strong
Hi AJ! glad to meet ya! Welcome to the sub jen. 31 and been depressed off and on since I remember when. Crappy family life yadda yadda. What kinda stuff are you into?;weak
I know how it feels man. It sucks. terrible to hear and sorry :(;weak
Dude. This feeling, I know it, and sadly, this is a common go-to response for a lot of people who simply have nothing better to contribute. It's out of context and beside the point in essence. It's a variation of the ever popular At least you aren't a starving kid in [insert country here]! and more generally It could be worse! Like, yes, thanks very much Captain Obvious, everything is relative, but that's beside the point? It's invalidating, insensitive and snobby, at best, and I have no idea if it helps you feel any better, but when a lot of people say it, they do think they're doing some genuine good to help you feel better, despite being wildly misinformed on how hurtful that phrase actually is. My boyfriend said this to me more frequently in the past and after YEARS of explaining why this is not a good response, he's slowly using it less, but when it pops up, my typical counter is That does not help me/make me feel better at all, and that typically shuts him up or at least makes him think about what he just said. In any case, I'm sorry you had that shitty non-reason response thrown at you. What you're going through is real and valid, even if others choose not to acknowledge it.;strong
Run really fast for 30secs should warm you up haha :p Hi, how are you? :);no
I'm sorry you're feeling like that. I know it sounds grim as fuck, but if you broke the record for suicidal thoughts? It also means you've broken the record for resisting suicidal thoughts, and that's something to be proud of - even if it doesn't feel like it just now;strong
The no bullshit guide to depression. Hard core self help. Fu** depression.;no
There must be a reason you're posting in this thread, there are lots of wonderful people going through this who would offer their support. I'm sorry you're going through such a hard time, and I hope you can find some hope to carry on. I don't know how much words on a screen from an online stranger would help, but if you need a reason to stay alive, let this comment be one. Take care!;strong
I know, we all hope for that but at the same time we all hope for better days. Maybe they're coming maybe not. But please don't do anything permanent. If you ever want to talk i'm here almost all the time.;weak
Will pray for you my friend.;weak
you are not alone, no live no friends no job. I graduated with 3.8 out of 4.0 from engineering college, I worked very hard after that nobody want to hire me.College is shit. now I stay home 24/7 literally nothing to do. I live with my parents, 23 years old. I want to die now. I am crying all the time, I don't know why I am here.Live is suck;weak
really sorry going through this. basically going through the same thing right now. Let me know if you ever wanna chat. Things will get better eventually, I hope.;strong
*hugs* Try and take care of yourself. I know it seems hopeless and like your trapped but don't let this fucker get the best of you;strong
Awesome! That's a success in my book. :) I managed to call someone and spoke to an actual human being about my car yesterday, now if only I could set up all the other appointments I need to lol. Keep doing small things like that, it helps you feel like you've accomplished something especially when they start to pile up after a bit. Maybe eventually we'll be productive right?;weak
Yup. At the age where everyone is starting careers, getting married, having kids etc. I feel left behind for sure. Then I remind myself I'm where I am because of my nihilism and general apathy for achieving the cultural standards of success.;no
you forgot, you still have yourself. you're not worthless just because you don't have any money. don't stay for your brothers. stay for yourself. this sounds but there is stuff worth staying for. the shitty truth is if we kill ourselves, people mourn for a day, then move on and forget us. our life briefly becomes a public spectacle. people spout shit like ohh what a sweet person, shame they died. they won't say that they were the ones who ignored us when we were alive and suffering. THEY WILL FORGET YOU. so stay the fuck alive, and make them notice you because you deserve to be noticed. worthlessness usually stems from lack of accomplishment. if that applies to you, start learning or doing something. anything that interests you. just give it your all. but don't die just yet. you will, eventually, so why hurry. so for now, look in the mirror every time you feel you're alone, and remind yourself you're not.;weak
Pristiq improved my anhedonia a ton, but sent my anxiety through the roof. It's also anticholinergic, meaning I got side effects like dry mouth and weight gain. So if all you have is depression, it could be a good treatment, but you have to watch out for side effects.;no
I am sorry...time helps more or less, it's hard to forget someone like that, 4 months later, I am not sure if I feel any different unfortunately..;strong
Congratulations! Paycheck incoming. Netflix account incoming. Porn subscri- No?;strong
cut out fake friends, don't worry about family problems and focus on urself.;no
Yes, this is how my life is right now. Dreams that just torture. I honestly believe that humans were programmed to forget dreams. You participate in this perfect personal world where you can do anything, and then, every morning, you are jolted back into a crushing reality that never changes. It would drive everyone insane. It's driving me insane.;no
I feel you dude, I am 25 and I have never had a girlfriend, I don't know how it feels to get hugged, there were never a girl in my life, who said she likes me for who I am. No friends or family, who are trying to cheer me up. Just me, work and my depressed thoughts that are preventing me to fall asleep every night. I am so lonely, it feels like deep cuts into my heart. I want to end this fucking pain.;weak
Because sometimes it just takes time. Serotonin and dopamine take their time to adjust. Also, though the gym is great, it will deplete you so you might be suffering from that. Get a lot of protein, magnesium and zinc and repeat tomorrow. And congrats! You did great today.;strong
How many milligrams are each tablet and how much do you weigh? If you're looking to kill yourself, clonidine can't kill you. Just put you in a coma. Which will only make the suffering worse. Please do not attempt suicide using anything. It's Christmas, man. You can reply to this if you need to vent or anything, I'm here for you dude. Again. Don't attempt suicide. Please. For me. A stranger on the internet who cares more than you think.;weak
Ya a few weeks ago my manager at work made a rude comment to me. She does this all the time and it wasn't even that big of a deal but I was depressed for like 3 days. I went home that night and legitimately wanted to die. Sometimes it's just the straw that broke the camels back yknow.;weak
What makes you feel bad about yourself? Is there anything you truly hate about you?;no
I'll be honest, I feel kinda sorry for you. You have completely nobody? Perhaps you had some people, but due to some things those relationships didn't work out?;strong
Heres a wake up call, were all going to die, its our only garentee in life.;no
ye i thought so too. except im sitting alone crying and they're out doing normal-people stuff and having fun.;no
Sorry. That sucks. But you can move on from this. Don't let them hold u back. You can and will do it.;weak
*hugs* Try and take care of yourself. I know it seems hopeless and like your trapped but don't let this fucker get the best of you;strong
Why is that depressing? You should not let the amount of followers determine how you feel, especially not to this extent. It is not a reflection of what you are worth nor how successful your life is. Even if you would get more followers, what would this solve? You would not even know who most of those people are. I also doubt that an illusion like this could provide anyone with actual happiness. And Instagram has a pretty messed up algorithm anyway, I would personally not even bother.;no
I am not sure it is 'normal', whatever that is.... I have definitely felt this a lot in the last 4 years. I find my interest in life and everything else comes and goes, and when it goes I think 'what the hell is the point of all of this?';no
so sorry hurting so much. here.;strong
i just wish there was something we all could do..;weak
I also struggle with this...whenever I hang out with people, I feel like they can do so much better than me and I wonder why they bother hanging out with me. I wish I knew the answer to avoid feeling this way;weak
I feel you, honestly beginning to wonder if college is really worth it.;weak
Sorry to hear that man. What are you studying? Do you feel like the material you are studying is hard, or is the volume of the work too much?;strong
Im so so sorry for your lose! *big big hugs*;strong
I know i'm kinda excited because this next year i've got this and /r/wholesomememes;no
"Ok, how deeply did you cut yourself and with what? If it is bleeding a lot, clean it up, run it under water, don't let the blood dry and go nasty. Pat it dry. Bandage it up, if you can. Also if you have some antiseptic cream, use some of that on it. Don't drink any more for now, maybe try and get some sleep or have a nice bath or shower or watch tv or something so you can calm down. Please see a professional- a doctor or a therapist or something. Self harm is very serious. I have been doing it for many years, and it is a difficult addiction to break out of. If you feel the urge to cut again, take a deep breath, count to 10. Write your feelings down or draw them out, even if you don't think you're a great artist or whatever. It will help to get the emotions out. Do you have a good friend you can talk to about it? Or a pet or even a stuffed toy? Talking helps. I'm sorry you're feeling this way. Please let me know if you want to talk. You are a strong person &lt;3";strong
never lost weight from the medications but some are known to cause little to no weight gain. Stay away for the older class of antidepressants because the cause heavy weight gain. Avoid SSRIs and try to stick to SNRIs. Bupropion is the only med linked to weight loss. Medications such as Viibryd and Pristiq have little little no side effects of weight loss.;no
I'm so glad you're happy! It's nice to see happy people :) Also, happy birthday! Hopefully your day turns/turned out well!;strong
Uhhh... who? Sorry I can't help you very much...;strong
if you need someone to talk to, you can add my snap emma.xlea i know music wont help this feeling, but i recommend high highs to low lows by lolo zouai. it helps me feel a little bit more refreshed.;weak
Yes, I was like this for over a year. A few weeks after starting Zoloft, I sat down for breakfast, and actually tasted my food. I cried a little.;no
sorry to hear. :( is this an ongoing thing or does it come in phases? how does being high help?;strong
"I would love to hug you irl ;_; *hugs*";weak
The same advice applies to them in one regard. Need to know sadness to really be happy. It sucks that depression is part of my life, but it gives my character a unique value that is missing in others. Still would rather feel good without falling back into the void every time.;no
sorry to hear. :( is this an ongoing thing or does it come in phases? how does being high help?;strong
I feel you. If you ever want to talk, I'm here;weak
they say wherever someone is still thinking of you, that place is your home -jiraiya (naruto);no
What was it that made you feel okay and has it ended?;no
Wow great fucking advice. I no longer have to be sad or anything. You know cured. going to go dance on rainbows!;strong
I hear you. So well. And I'm so sorry you feel that way. I left my difficult-to-get-into art school because of this (and my classmates treated it like high school and were jerks, but thats irrelevant). It's not easy.;strong
I don't think that's weird at all. Just don't forget that you're still the same person you were before you changed how you think of yourself.;weak
Yeah, I wasn't invited to anything either. My family invited me to sit alone and watch all their dogs while they kayak, but I figured it would be less depressing here. I honestly wish I could've worked today.;no
I hear this all the time but I don't really understand what it's getting at. I remember one context in which it made sense but that was a fantasy novel. The novel is Pillars of Creation, part of the Sword of Truth series. One of the characters belongs to a cult which believes that all people are evil, using this belief to justify many atrocious crimes. He tells a woman that he loves her but she rejects him, saying that he doesn't know what love is and that he doesn't even love himself. I felt that made sense because in his case, it would basically be a completely foreign concept.;no
My birthday was last month, that entire day I felt extremely lonely inside.;no
I'm sorry. This is true for me as well. And they regularly remind me. I think we can get through it though. Actually, that's a lie. I hope you can get through it. I'm not going to be able too.....;strong
I cant and i feel like a failure because of it. It has been extrodinarily hard for me to hold a job, and I became homeless long term because of it. I still cant function like a normal, productive citizen despite going back to work numerous times. Its even harder when the peoppe around you judge. Im 31 now and most of my peers have their own houses by now. Its so agonizing for me even though i am happy for them. Ill keep trying to get myself back though. Im sorry youre going through this OP.;strong
yes. wanna vent to each other? just pm me;weak
We're all failures in the end. The absolute objective of human life is to not die. But we all die someday. You could argue having kids and passing your genes is the main goal, but that's too easy. Who gives a shit anyway..when youre dead you wont care about your kids or the genes youve passed because youre dead.;no
What would you like to do? Hugs, hope things become better for you soon! :);strong
No i dont want to read about myself id just get more bummed;no
the first person i opened up to was a girl i thought i was close friends with, but i was also a little bit in love with. what a mistake i know this sounds dumb, but like, i feel like your problems, you just have to get over them, i feel like it's all in your head fuck my ass man. people who haven't felt this, or just don't have the self awareness to recognize it (cause god damn this girl had her low moments too but she clung so hard onto the idea that she was fine. she's not) can really say some hurtful things.;no
I'm so sorry you feel that way. Would you like to elaborate? I'm here if you need to chat;strong
I'm so sorry you feel that way. Would you like to elaborate? I'm here if you need to chat;strong
Happy Birthday.. just to say I am an introvert, I get depressed but am not the clinical type, I am 45 and for also long as I can remember have never celebrated my birthday day except for a couple of time, this used to bother me some in my the past but not any more.;no
I'm around if you need someone to chat with. I'm sorry you're feeling sad. Sometimes it's such a painful and unbearable feeling.;strong
with you. For me it matter what it is.. just as long as it stops the thoughts.;weak
Ahw im so sorry for you, what happened to your dog if i may ask?;strong
if you would like to talk feel free to send me a PM hun;weak
Why do you feel your time is almost up?;no
Sometimes you really need to be reminded of that other side and that you will in fact return to it. Don't make any big decisions when in the heat of the moment. Focus on other things (TV shows, artistic endeavours, school, etc) and return once you've cooled off. Good on you for reaching out for help, my friend. Despite these people not knowing you, we're all in this together. Keep your head up;weak
Being alone is terrible. I'm sorry you're alone. If I hear an implicit request for a suggestion in there, then I suggest doing just about anything different. Anything, really. Break your horrible, lonely routine. The only thing worse than lonely sadness is the certainty that it will not change. What can you do differently tomorrow?;strong
I'm very proud of you too! Remember the great feeling of success you have right now it will help you next time you have the urge.;strong
Before you wish for others to understand, you must be able to understand it well yourself, be able to explain it to yourself, only then can others help you.;no
Wow great fucking advice. I no longer have to be sad or anything. You know cured. going to go dance on rainbows!;strong
I'm sorry you have to deal with that toxic kind of person. If I may ask I imagine you still live with her and have to deal with this kind of garbage pretty often?;strong
Hey mine is in two days as well! My friend today was telling me to make plans for it and I responded with the most disentrested eh yeah maybe.;no
Just to say I was totally in that place at the start of last week when I went on holiday. Had a massive cry and a big old panic and then made it all worse by beating myself up with it/being all like SHOULD BE HAPPY, WHY ARE YOU NOT HAPPY. I AM ANGRY THAT I AM NOT angry just makes more sad and a nasty cycle. Know that allowed to feel how you feel, and okay to go on holiday and feel like crap. I hope things start to feel a bit better and you get some relaxing in.;weak
Same I'm tired of waking up exhausted even though I get a good amount of sleep. Life is general is bullshit;no
I'm so happy for you! This is definitely a good sign.;strong
I wanna be lonely with you guys to. Here's one big lonely hug , squeeze hard might be the only one you get. I'm alone by myself oh so lonely, just want to feel close to another like myself, I'm blown away by the shear lone that has overcome me, will I ever break the chains that imprisoned me to lonliness. Am I to endure this for the rest of my life?;strong
Why would anyone in their right mind be on this sub if they beat it? They'd be outside doing things.;no
"Same, and I go to an expensive university so I feel even more like a waste because I can't find my passion like those around me. But I've been told it doesnt actually matter despite the gaping hole inside me. Hope you are ok&lt;3";weak
That's not the real you. It just feels more comfortable but it's not. I hope you can see that. Stay strong friend.;weak
No. The people who love you will feel some measure of pain for the rest of their lives. I know that wasn't the kind of pain you were asking about, but yeah, there's always going to be pain for someone I'm afraid.;no
I heard GoT is going to have an epic season this year... look you have to find your own reasons for living and it's harder when you're depressed, don't make permanent decisions on temporary feelings ans situations. Everything changes with or without you, be open to new experiences, there's more out there than what you want, you might not get what you want but if you try sometimes you get what you need;weak
Hi! My current prescription is for 20mg, but actually take 10mg daily. My first time with 20mg led to some severe insomnia...As in up for a few days straight, no sleep. Still capable of some work, but definitely foggy the whole time.;no
Ahw im so sorry for you, what happened to your dog if i may ask?;strong
Being alone is terrible. I'm sorry you're alone. If I hear an implicit request for a suggestion in there, then I suggest doing just about anything different. Anything, really. Break your horrible, lonely routine. The only thing worse than lonely sadness is the certainty that it will not change. What can you do differently tomorrow?;strong
that be nice? I am in the same boat...for about the last 8 years it just keeps getting worse. I am sorry you are going through it too...I am not real hopeful about it getting better for me anytime soon, but I really hope it does for you. it strange that we can believe it can for someone else, a complete stranger on the internet, but not for ourselves? If not happiness, I hope you can find at least some peace and comfort in 2019.;strong
maybe you could order something for delivery?;no
I'm sorry you feel like this. My daughter has tried to kill herself 3 times and I pretty much have been mentally preparing myself for the worst for the last 6 months bc she was so so depressed and non responsive to meds, therapy etc. Then the craziest thing happened...she got involved in an old hobby, met new people she had stuff in common with, and just 5 minutes ago told me that she is going out to lunch with someone from that group. My point is...things can change. I hope things can change for you soon.;strong
It works pretty well for me! The second week I had a bit of nausea, but that passed by the 4th week. It started to work for me around week 3 and although i still get episodes, I'd say it works really well. Missing a dose doesnt seem to have much effect unlike effexor where you really feel it. I'm currently on 10mg and cant say I have complaints. My docter is trying me on 15mg because my symptoms have been acting up a bit more than they should. (I've been on 10mg for a year now);no
I don't really think life is he'll but I don't understand the weird sadness or fear of death that people have. I've known a few people who died. I wasn't sad at all. Everyone I know is going to die and one day I am going to die. Why is that sad?;no
There is always help. Please PM me, and we can talk.;weak
I'm sorry. I've been in and out of a relationship for years now. She's loving and considerate and great in so many ways.. but there's no commitment. Actually the space between us has grown over the years. I guess part of it is that I'm a bit of a basket case and it can be emotionally taxing. I don't even want to put her through all of that for the rest of her life. But at the end of the day I just want to go home and share my life with her.. and she's not there. She's done so much for me but it makes me feel so unwanted that this is the end of the line. Like I'm just a burden and despite all the love she has to offer, I'm just too screwed up for it to work. I feel so lonely and so stupid for everything I've done to turn her away.;strong
How is in your head? I mean... what thoughts go through it? I wonder if Im alone in this but..m my mins doesnt wander anymore. Im aware of every single thought, which is never pleasant nor spontaneous/creative. :/;no
roll with the bald look i say! i dont really think twice when i see a bald person, regardless of age :);weak
Quitting is hard. I've never dealt with addiction in that way myself but I've dealt with those low points, the ones you think you can't come back from. Not to say that I'm perfect now or that I still don't get down but I reached out to those I care about and the amount of support was overwhelming. Have you talked to your fiance about how you're feeling?;no
So sorry for your loss;strong
You pick yourself up and you tell your partner how you're feeling. If there's nothing that can be done to save the relationship, tell your partner. Remember that you loved them once and really you don't want them being with someone who doesn't love them either.;no
"It's okay not to be okay. A lot of us in this sub are in the same boat as you. You are not alone &lt;3";weak
Garlic bread is always a good reason.;no
Be strong my friend, Everytime I come in here, I don't feel so alone. This may sound selfish, but it's good for me to know that there's people out there that feels the pain that I feel every single day. Anyway, have a great day, my friends.;weak
The most important thing in a person is will. Nothing happens to or for people without the will to MAKE things happen. So change things. Otherwise, you really can't complain about em.;no
so sorry hurting so much. here.;strong
Lucky you...I just wanted the same but all my family is spending it with each other and their in laws...I wasn't invited anywhere with any of them and yes I know this sounds like a pity party.;strong
Yeah bud, same boat. If I'm not working, I'm in bed. Just zoning out not moving. The struggle is real with no real answers;strong
Treat yourself to some body lotion, chocolate icecream and maybe a glass of wine while you're at it. Couldn't ask for a more relaxing weekend than that.;no
Move to Australia. winter there;no
I've read that the minimum lethal dose of hydroxyzine is 1650 mg, but that is impossible to calculate correctly because of body weight, differences in absorption, etc. With Luvox, full recovery with minimal effects has been noted at overdoses of up to 9 grams. You might be successful, especially if you are small and don't weigh much, but there is a not insignificant chance you might end up alive and brain damaged instead. I know I'm a stranger, but I am sorry about whatever has brought you to this point. Do consider trying to get help - even if you have before, think about it one last time.;strong
Same here, nice to know that not alone. I have no friends at school, I hate school to be honest, it makes me feel so depressed and lonely. My home much better because my mother is always mean, my father very kind either. This place has made me meet a bunch of people I can relate to. so nice to talk to someone who understands, it makes you feel less lonely, a great feeling.;weak
sorry feeling so stressed right now, OP. Do you want to talk more about your making you so stressed?;strong
At least you have that going;no
Similar thing happened to me when I looked into the mirror a while back. I like to think that boy is just a home in his birth country. He came with me and my mum to another country, a new life but he didn't like it so he went back home.;no
Aye, it is. I feel the same way, I got hired 7 months ago, and was depressed for 2 years before that. I hate to admit this, but some days I cry like the little bitch I am in the shower and on my drive to work. But guess what, I haven't missed a single day of work aside from 9 day vacation that I took scattered here and there. I have seriously one simple trick: you go there no matter what, don't give yourself a choice. The more you sit and wonder the harder it gets. Funny thing, my supervisor almost cried today at work and was complaining in a high pitched voice xD. It kinda brightened my day LOL.;no
I'm sorry you are feeling this way. We are here for you.;strong
Hey, I know how frustrating it feels when you have no one to reach out to.I am here for you if you want to talk, friend.;weak
I feel a similar way, when that happens I play chess or read something interesting. Sometimes nothing works and I just sit there...;weak
**hugs if you want them**;strong
I'm proud of you! Even though I don't know you I truly am. Care for everything that's worth caring, you'll find it's more than it seems.;weak
Yes, it's because I was unprepared for the job market and just studied and graduated because it was the normal thing to do. I also lost all my marks in a very short time and had personal issues to solve caused by my own bad decisions. I did not make enough place for other important aspects of life during my studies. It was a big mental struggle to realize that but I am slowly getting back on tracks.;no
this has been a big one for me. I used to always listen to music, now I at all. Trying to force myself to listen to music now. I think because I was in a better place when I listened to music, so now I just miss the person I was, and avoid any reminders of that version of me.;no
I'm trying to increase my self worth so I stop doing this exact thing. My frustration immediately gets taken out on the one thing I seem to hate the most: me. I've started to set small goals for myself every day so each day feels like a success when I achieve those goals. This has led me to branch out and actually put myself out there. In doing so I'm discovering a passion for mental health advocacy and rekindling a love for doing creative stuff. I'm not saying everything has immediately gotten better. Holy shit it hasn't. But this helps at least a little for me! Hope you can find omething that works for you. Let me know if you wanna talk about it;weak
I'm sorry you're feeling so blue today. I want to wish you a happy birthday and send some massively big hugs to you.;strong
Wow great fucking advice. I no longer have to be sad or anything. You know cured. going to go dance on rainbows!;strong
Hey its okay man. Life sucks dick, just keep pushing through.;weak
Sorry to hear that man. What are you studying? Do you feel like the material you are studying is hard, or is the volume of the work too much?;strong
I'm so sorry you're going through this.. My dog passed away two months ago so I know how painful it is :( I adopted another dog, I was still upset but it definitely helped me with the grieving process.;strong
omg lol I 100% blame my parents. After taking an AP Psychology course at my school, it kind of shifted my own perspective on my depression. I know I can't claim to be an expert after reading just one textbook, but even an idiot can realize that your behavior and who you are is just totally as a result of your parents. The genetic aspects aren't their fault of course, but they are perfect human specimens, so you can imagine what 17 years of always being wrong has done to my self esteem and thought process. Strangely, being cognizant of that fact doesn't change it much. Of course, I've directly told my parents I blame them for who I am, and as perfect specimens, they told me that I can't keep blaming them for everything. There's truth to that of course, but it's rather incredible that they can find the gall to abdicate themselves of all guilt and responsibility. I'd better just get on my hands and knees and obey their every whim, since they're the ones who work and pay for my existence, regardless of whether or not I can actually do jack shit about that (child labor laws, yo). Lol sorry your post is just so relatable I had to rant.;strong
with you. For me it matter what it is.. just as long as it stops the thoughts.;weak
1. Are the problems you have permanent or out of your control? 2. Have you talked with all of your friends and family or a therapist? I dont know what you are going through, but whatever it is, is it really THAT bad you feel the need to end your life?? Now just think about what all your friends and family will think once you are gone... they will be blaming themselves forever because they will feel like they are at fault because they didnt help you when you needed it most. Again idk what going through, but think of how many people are going through as worse or worse than you and still tough it out and make it through.;weak
Pms is THE WORST. Im a darn psycho majorly depressed freak for a week then bleeding and cramps for a few days. Pregnancy is 9 months of PMS. Men cant understand..they just cant;weak
The little things, the small moments of joy, the feeling of fulfillment. Even if you live a life with more sadness than happiness you still had some happiness. Always remember at your saddest that there will eventually be more happiness down the road.;weak
I'm sorry for however long you still have to deal with them, but some day you will be able to walk away from them if you choose to, and that is 100% okay. You are your own very awesome person and they don't get a say in who you are.;strong
Because sadness often feels both familiar and comfortable (like you said), and trying to make yourself happy can be a scary thing because of the uncertainty that might come afterwards.;no
How so are you a burden?;no
Uhhh... who? Sorry I can't help you very much...;strong
Why do you feel like that? There's no shame in taking something that will improve your quality of life.;weak
What are your reasons? Let's talk. Part of you does not want to go. My guess is you feel you have nothing to live for, to grab onto in this life. Thus you posted on here hoping someone could change your view. (Maybe I'm wrong. Whatever. We can still talk.);weak
sorry to hear that, but been in a similar situation after taking some time off of school. My best advice is to take the minimum amount of classes possible so you get too overwhelmed. For me essential to plan my assignments in advance, so that I can just do things one by one and not let it all get piled up cuz then I wanna die. Also, if you need a break, take one. School will always be there but good to take care of yourself too :);strong
Not seasonal, but it gets worse in the winter;no
"The generic answers heard over the years tend to go something like the following; exercise, sunlight, talking, therapy, stroking animals, eating healthily, meditation and writing one thing thankful for daily. I say with sincerity that any of those have worked for me but helped others. Keeping busy with hobbies on the days able to function might help. It does slightly for me.";no
Let others suffer with you. The biggest struggle with depression is the isolation box it confines us in. It fools us into believing there is no one that will understand. Tells us not to burden others with our problems. Demands we keep our pain in the shadows. But this is the nasty cycle that keeps us locked in to our loneliness. We feel lonely, hate that we feel lonely, feel stupid for looking weak, and decide to keep it hidden. We find worth in our connection to others. Not because they decide if we are worthy or not, but simply because our ability to contribute what is in us is only useful in light of others. I'm not sure of your circumstances, but I can tell you that I have been in your shoes. I have felt completely cut off from the world. I have laid in bed night after night, wondering why I should even be here. I have been so lost and hard on myself that I couldn't even look at my face in the mirror. I have broken down in just about every room of the places I lived and expected it to never change. But it did. Not all at once. It took time. But when I began to open up to others and let them struggle with me and offer help. And by also helping others myself. It doesn't need to be family or current friends. Finding support is a hard thing these days. But there are great places now to get help working through the pain of living.;no
I always say Still alive;no
I hope you're still here. It gets better.;weak
Being a wagecuck is hard I feel you;weak
You deserve it! No one does! should yourself, though. Try to roll with it instead of beating yourself down more. You could comfort yourself instead and see what that does.;weak
No the exact opposite actually;no
I agree with him, people are so hard to live with I went though so many thinking I was the problem. But then I moved in with my SO and found out that I was just living with the wrong people. freaking hard, but keep your head up, you are not the problem.;weak
That's hard. Especially if you're the type of person to post in this sub. Loving yourself is really difficult. But loving others is easier. And I do love you. When you love others, I find, its easier to love yourself. Even just saying the words and seeing it echoed back makes me feel good. I hope I helped.;strong
Hey there, feel free to pm me if you need to chat. No judgments from me, just ready to listen, so feel free to say anything you want or need. Please stay strong.;weak
I've had a similar realization recently, but my reaction is a bit different. I've decided to try my past to fight against these thoughts and problems to find ways to be happy sometimes. I have bad social anxiety and have started trying medication and meditation. Honestly it often feels harder than just giving into the depression. Forcing myself to go places that could make me feel uncomfortable because of too many people. Taking classes where I learn something completely new. But maybe in the end I'll be glad I've done these things.;no
or you can just waste your life instead;no
I'm sorry to hear that. How long have you been dealing with depression? Life is indeed very messy and hard. I'd hang out with you and buy you a drink and listen to your story if I could.;strong
Check in with us! I hope we shed some light for you in there. Hugs.;strong
Mine is coming up and I am generally indifferent to it. I told my family I don't want to do anything for it.;no
*hug* Whatever the situation is that's causing you to feel this way, please remember to exercise compassion towards yourself.;strong
Haha. Same exact medications. No. It did nothing. Didn't even notice it.;no
Yes hunny what you need?;weak
Sounds like you're in the midst of an episode. For me only time could help until I was (mentally) strong enough to get out of bed to my doc. YouTube in bed helped passed the time. Not sure if it was healthiest thing though.;no
Replace cutting with something else. When you wanna cut do something else. I smoke haha but seriously maybe theres other things that you might enjoy. Before I lost all motivation for anything I used to like running till my body hurt. It releases endorphins and other good stuff. I can vouch, I felt good afterwards.;no
Dear Anna_rampage. Thank you for your kind words. I'm just a regular lonely nobody, but it means the world for me to hear that. That someone really cares. Thank you so much =) It brighten my day.;strong
Yea. Sorry. I know how you feel. feeling very alone today.;strong
yes! so sorry that's happening to you, but it feels good to relate - I see a lot of posts about having great dreams. I have at least one bad dream almost every night - and the feeling *always* bleeds into my day, especially if it was confusing or made me question reality. I have dreams all the time about my little sisters getting hurt, and it makes me worry for them. just today I had some kind of sleep paralysis (I don't know if that's the right word, I looked it up but it didn't seem to fit) and honestly I'm scared to fall asleep tonight because I do not want it to happen again. it's happened several times and it terrifies me. you're not alone, friend.;strong
I cant and i feel like a failure because of it. It has been extrodinarily hard for me to hold a job, and I became homeless long term because of it. I still cant function like a normal, productive citizen despite going back to work numerous times. Its even harder when the peoppe around you judge. Im 31 now and most of my peers have their own houses by now. Its so agonizing for me even though i am happy for them. Ill keep trying to get myself back though. Im sorry youre going through this OP.;strong
That's every holiday for me bud.;no
Chill man high school isn't that bad all you have to do is just be chill and if you don't want to talk to anyone that's fine but eventually someone will want to talk to you that's just how it is :);strong
I'm sorry. That's horrible... Are things getting better there, at least?;strong
We all make mistakes. We all let people down occasionally. No one expects us to be perfect. We do however have to learn from our mistakes. Hopefully you can find how to better yourself from whatever mistake you made.;weak
Its my very first time here or any other thread or resource, this is why ill pursue a hand in this issue so thank you. It is the first i read literally and it made me realize im on the right track thinking about support. i feel this exact way every single day isolated, like this world works for some people but i am not able to function in it due to defect of my own and that maybe for me my birth was an error. Its been 5 years or so since i can detect the actual time i started this trajectory and since i lost my job and my life. Traded a career in healthcare for a career in bag chasing.;no
Chill man high school isn't that bad all you have to do is just be chill and if you don't want to talk to anyone that's fine but eventually someone will want to talk to you that's just how it is :);strong
Happy birthday. And crying is always okay. :);weak
Yep. Shame, guilt and regret are my primary emotions.;no
omg lol I 100% blame my parents. After taking an AP Psychology course at my school, it kind of shifted my own perspective on my depression. I know I can't claim to be an expert after reading just one textbook, but even an idiot can realize that your behavior and who you are is just totally as a result of your parents. The genetic aspects aren't their fault of course, but they are perfect human specimens, so you can imagine what 17 years of always being wrong has done to my self esteem and thought process. Strangely, being cognizant of that fact doesn't change it much. Of course, I've directly told my parents I blame them for who I am, and as perfect specimens, they told me that I can't keep blaming them for everything. There's truth to that of course, but it's rather incredible that they can find the gall to abdicate themselves of all guilt and responsibility. I'd better just get on my hands and knees and obey their every whim, since they're the ones who work and pay for my existence, regardless of whether or not I can actually do jack shit about that (child labor laws, yo). Lol sorry your post is just so relatable I had to rant.;strong
I know. I sadly do not have a good answer. as clueless as you are.;weak
I love you all. Genuinely the replies here made me feel much less alone. your kindness is beautiful;strong
I'm very sorry that happened to you - I know the pain of loving someone and not having them love you back - How long have you back feeling depressed for?;strong
I'm sorry you feel this way. Is there anything in particular that's bothering you?;strong
What happened? Tell us. We'll listen.;weak
"So sorry you are going through this. My mom died when I was 21. It's a traumatizing experience. I hope you have a supportive family. My family was only my mom and sisters at that time. Don't kill your self; your dad would not want that. Get help even if you don't feel like living right now. It does get better.";strong
I'm already 30 and still waiting. Holding on to false hope.;no
Sorry you are feeling that way but How do you know it was a lie? In My experience most people don't compliment unless they meant it. Excluding family or friends who may just be telling u what they think u wanna hear of course. Who complimented you and in what context?;strong
I'm sorry. I've been in and out of a relationship for years now. She's loving and considerate and great in so many ways.. but there's no commitment. Actually the space between us has grown over the years. I guess part of it is that I'm a bit of a basket case and it can be emotionally taxing. I don't even want to put her through all of that for the rest of her life. But at the end of the day I just want to go home and share my life with her.. and she's not there. She's done so much for me but it makes me feel so unwanted that this is the end of the line. Like I'm just a burden and despite all the love she has to offer, I'm just too screwed up for it to work. I feel so lonely and so stupid for everything I've done to turn her away.;strong
What would you like to do? Hugs, hope things become better for you soon! :);strong
Thing will only start looking up when you do. Its ok to feel down and hurt for a bit, but don't let it consume you. I briefly looked through your post history, you're going through a break up, it's understandable. I am also going through a break up and depression came with it. You gave your heart to someone and expected them to so the same. When they didn't you became devastated. The truth is you're a loving caring compassionate kind person and deserves someone who wants you always. It will work out, things will get better but you have to try and make them better.;weak
"Hey. I know who you are, what doing or even thinking right now, but I do hope that still here for now at least, and reading this comment. really sorry for how feeling right now, and even though been through this for the last 2 years already, I say that I understand how you feel; even though I wish that I could. But please, please know that if you still need to talk, you could message me yeah? This truly is a really shitty world; but in light of all this, there are still people who are genuinely kind, who would really want to help. Being a beacon of light for those who are still suffering and letting the light from others shine onto you; this the purpose of living? The purpose of still staying here?";strong
That's cool. Legos are awesome.;weak
Agree with the other poster that some people think you're just saying it and don't mean it. I told my mother I wanted to kill myself when I was 11 and she told me to stop being stupid.;no
Only if it detects any sort of input. Computers are actually pretty stupid by themselves.;no
I'm so sorry. Are u ok;strong
Wait, you got fired due your depression? Where are you from? Isn't depression classified as a medical condition like any other? Aren't you protected by law against such action? Sorry to read about your situation. And sorry for all the questions. Guilty of being a lawyer :/;strong
"Ok, how deeply did you cut yourself and with what? If it is bleeding a lot, clean it up, run it under water, don't let the blood dry and go nasty. Pat it dry. Bandage it up, if you can. Also if you have some antiseptic cream, use some of that on it. Don't drink any more for now, maybe try and get some sleep or have a nice bath or shower or watch tv or something so you can calm down. Please see a professional- a doctor or a therapist or something. Self harm is very serious. I have been doing it for many years, and it is a difficult addiction to break out of. If you feel the urge to cut again, take a deep breath, count to 10. Write your feelings down or draw them out, even if you don't think you're a great artist or whatever. It will help to get the emotions out. Do you have a good friend you can talk to about it? Or a pet or even a stuffed toy? Talking helps. I'm sorry you're feeling this way. Please let me know if you want to talk. You are a strong person &lt;3";strong
hey, do you need someone to talk to?;weak
You should think about putting in a complaint. Someone who works in customer service should know how to be nice to people especially when it was a simple mistake.;weak
Hello there, don't worry, you're not alone! It's good you are reaching out in a state of confusion, it's better in a way that it can help you get a grip of things again. Just know you're not alone for now and that I'd like to lend an ear if you feel comfortable to. We're in this together.;weak
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
"I lost a lot of sleep last night and had to yell at my head to stop.. It was really recent for me.. We broke up twice and nothing bad happened.She just stopped loving me.Ive dealt with isolation problems all my life and its been really hard on me.. No one else I used to know really wants to talk to me outside semi forced situations (store/job, etc).I just feel so alone yet ik there's gotta be other people out there who get it; who understand life.. I wish I could find someone like me.Ik the power people can have; I wish I had a person to be with. Inbox if yall want someone to chat about anything.";weak
I wanna be lonely with you guys to. Here's one big lonely hug , squeeze hard might be the only one you get. I'm alone by myself oh so lonely, just want to feel close to another like myself, I'm blown away by the shear lone that has overcome me, will I ever break the chains that imprisoned me to lonliness. Am I to endure this for the rest of my life?;strong
You could always leave them and find your own indipendence, sorrounding yourself with the people you love which are not part of your family. Idk your situation actually, but I felt the same way too many times, so lonely and neglected by the ones that should care the most. It happens, but this perception is not necessary the truth. Killing yourself won't solve or change anything.;weak
I'm very sorry that happened to you - I know the pain of loving someone and not having them love you back - How long have you back feeling depressed for?;strong
roll with the bald look i say! i dont really think twice when i see a bald person, regardless of age :);weak
If you want to vent to me my PMs are open. I'm also feeling absolutely awful currently. Sorry to hear that you're going through tough times OP.;strong
I am trying my best to have a stroke! getting there because my face goes numb almost every day... and every time it does I get excited.;no
Was never diagnosed. (I would say that being suicidal is a pretty good sign though.);no
I'm very sorry that happened to you - I know the pain of loving someone and not having them love you back - How long have you back feeling depressed for?;strong
I'm drowning too. Everyday. It easy to take shit for granted. I never thought my life would get worse. I thought I was invincible but life fucks you up in so many ways. You need to find some inspirational music and listen to it a lot. Maybe make a goal for something. I know it all seems futile but little things sometimes help. But I know how hard it can be. When you're caught under those dark deep waves. Surrounded by onlookers on their cruise. It's easy to say fuck it but you deserve to be happy.. I hope u can find something that helps you through this darkness.;weak
sorry you feel this way. I do too. It provides a release.;strong
I'm sorry you're feeling like that. I know it sounds grim as fuck, but if you broke the record for suicidal thoughts? It also means you've broken the record for resisting suicidal thoughts, and that's something to be proud of - even if it doesn't feel like it just now;strong
Do I really need to link Jordan B. Peterson?;no
I find that how you view failure is tied to your expectations quite heavily. Or also the pressure of feeling others' expectations of you on your shoulders. I still haven't worked things out that I'm able to effectively handle failure myself, but mainly people can feel better when they fail, because they recognise it as a learning experience, or it is an inevitable part of the process. Now this may sound obvious, but when in the moment, it is very easy to forget this and lose sight of progress after the failure. Failure can appear in many forms. My expectation of a 'good outcome', instead was a horrible mistake... Or was it? I'm sorry to hear you feeling even worse after your suicide attempt. Just know that I believe you are alive, and fighting, and you will come out of this stronger.;strong
I read it. Oh my God me too. I'm so pessimistic I always shoot down my own happiness just by having my brain think. And whenever I am positive I want to vomit. SIGH frickin life;strong
You know that feeling when you wake up in the morning and realise that you don't have to get up for another hour, so you go back to sleep? That's how I imagine death to feel. Just a peaceful slipping away. No pain, no fear. Just peace and rest. I'm almost ready for it to be honest.;no
Don't be hurt. All dating sites are money scams in disguise. The success rate of finding an actual person on there is very low. Majority of OkCupid profiles are bots and fake accounts with stolen pictures.;weak
I feel you there and I am so sorry! Those people suck!;strong
I am sorry I'm alive;strong
Feeling at rock bottom is not selfish. When you continually feel like that, something is wrong and should be sorted. Dojt worry what others think. You are important. I've learned this;weak
Your friends probably know what going through and can help you. discourage help that you know you can get if you need to talk to someone then tell them. I know it can get hard and I hope your Day the worst.;no
Well you've had a few. I doubt any of us gets a bulls eye on the first shot. Some of us never even had a chance. Give it time.;weak
It's true we live in a society where crying in public or hugging strangers are frowned upon. We've gone very far into the illusions of separation and it's going to take some time to break through these, but it's going to happen I have no doubt anymore! I'm sending you love and hugs through the wire even if it's only designed for 0 and 1, feel it!;strong
wanna talk? msg me if ya want. im not gonna tell you what to do or why your life is not fucked. but im someone to talk to and i have been where you are and might understand you, in some way.;weak
Do you like art? Reading? Movies? Things like that. With the job and time restraint, have you thought about possibly making a schedule for yourself so you can find time to do group activities? Edit: Also, with the drinking and drugs, do you have time for that or is that during work hours?;no
Don't worry, we are mortal for a reason.;weak
And then tossing it onto the floor while thinking that it still looks normal;no
That's why I'm repeating 11th grade. It sucks.;no
Tell us more. Nothing said suggests so bad.;no
Quote I've always hung hard into everything will be ok in the end, if it's not okay, it's not the end I understand that is a very hard thing to believe. I went out of it over two and a half years, and I hadn't ever known about these kinds of things until I was 19. Just trying to say it can be done man. Love you;strong
Well now people want photographic evidence :[ You probably look fine though;weak
I feel the same. I do my best to push through every day and hope tomorrow will be better and it never is. Please don't do it. If I'm still here, you better stay too.;weak
Yes, a know how the fuck you survived that but so fucking strong have an anxiety endured award;weak
I'm glad it worked for you. I've been going for a few weeks and so far it hasnt helped, so good that it helps some people;strong
It's true we live in a society where crying in public or hugging strangers are frowned upon. We've gone very far into the illusions of separation and it's going to take some time to break through these, but it's going to happen I have no doubt anymore! I'm sending you love and hugs through the wire even if it's only designed for 0 and 1, feel it!;strong
making friends is the hardest and easiest thing ever depending on if you find the right person. the easiest answer is just do it, go up to someone or send them a message. Worst case: it's awkward. Best case: you'll get a friend;no
I wonder if there is actually a part of you that hopes that ppl do care, do worry about you, but your scared of hurting others, cos thats how i feel;weak
I hope you can learn to stop. I promise you there is someone out there that cares about you very much and would be heartbroken to see you go. I know it's hard, but I've been there too. The most amazing person just came into my life and having her around makes everything easier. I hope you have someone like that too.;weak
Iam hoping for the same thing. I make stupid decisions when I drink. It was a great coping mechanism for my thoughts. Except, it actually wasn't. I have relapsed several times. If you are like me and make questionable decisions when drunk then at least that is how your life gets better. It is just getting to sobriety takes effort.;weak
I was getting better around last November after 2 years of being a shut in. I got a job, moved out and on with my life, and was doing good. I started to decline about 4 months ago. I'm back to where I was. I moved back. No more job. No more new friends. The only thing that keeps me going is that this right now won't be forever. It's for now and it's so debilitating. I leave my bed to use the restroom, grab something to eat back in bed, and thats it for last week at my just getting here lowest points. And over time the time spent like this will get shorter and the time spent on that high curve will go longer and farther. I don't feel that in any way. I'm lucky to have had a decade of therapy to make me feel like I know it tho. Doesn't change the feeling at all but gives me a shred of hope to hang onto. I'm really sorry you feel that way mate. Some people don't do well with that kinda energy but there are a lot who will not care too and help you with their energy. My dad is neutral and doesn't care, but can't really help. My mother won't even be around me when I'm down. Even told me she can't stand it. Just having the 2 people I have right now for when I am down tho helps me a lot. Pm me if you ever wanna chat about whatever. Your energy doesn't affect mine.;strong
It's that simple, isn't it? That's exactly what makes it so wretched. Like you, I can be perfectly fine, everything going well and then, bam! I'm off the deep end with one slip of the tongue, one word, one internet scroll...one anything.;no
Sorry to hear that. Are you struggling with anything specific or life in general?;strong
I'm so sorry to hear about your situation--that's a really difficult thing to have to endure, especially with your family's lack of understanding. I don't think you should give up the possibility of finding relief for your pain--even if there is not a reliable treatment now, pain relief is a major area of medical science research. (Is medical marijuana legal where you live, or if not is it a possibility to move to where it is?) You might find support and recommendations at r/sciatica Hang in there. I would strongly recommend trying to talk to a therapist if that's an option. Otherwise, it seems to me the other most important thing you can do is to try to find work or an activity, paid or unpaid, that is meaningful to you (if movement is an issue, look up online opportunities) which will help you get your mind off of your pain.;strong
Congratulations! Paycheck incoming. Netflix account incoming. Porn subscri- No?;strong
"So sorry you are going through this. My mom died when I was 21. It's a traumatizing experience. I hope you have a supportive family. My family was only my mom and sisters at that time. Don't kill your self; your dad would not want that. Get help even if you don't feel like living right now. It does get better.";strong
Jeff sleep album for everyone but really enjoyed it;no
I'm sorry for however long you still have to deal with them, but some day you will be able to walk away from them if you choose to, and that is 100% okay. You are your own very awesome person and they don't get a say in who you are.;strong
I'm sorry. I wish I could help. I feel the same way.;strong
Quote I've always hung hard into everything will be ok in the end, if it's not okay, it's not the end I understand that is a very hard thing to believe. I went out of it over two and a half years, and I hadn't ever known about these kinds of things until I was 19. Just trying to say it can be done man. Love you;strong
sorry to hear. :( is this an ongoing thing or does it come in phases? how does being high help?;strong
wow mcdonald sure is good, i wish i could have one rn.;no
IME supplements are worth nothing when it comes to serious brain fog. Are you on medication?;no
That is what I thought myself at one point in my life but I was wrong. I took a trip with some friends to Malaysia and Thailand there was high and low points in the trip. The experience I felt was pure happiness and no joking the last time I felt this was when I was a child happy and alive. I noticed what is good and bad in my life, and realized the blessing that I did not notice. It gave me positive momentum even after the trip. Now I am trying to finish my studies and now started seriously training in thai boxing. Recently my psychologist told me that my depression is gone (I can feel the difference) and my anxiety and stress remains high. I made big progress and I am going to make more progress. Basically from my experiences go out and explore. First reflect on your strengths/potential, your interests and the world, then start thinking the necessary steps to live it, even the smallest thing. I sincerely wish you the best. And explain your current situation?;weak
You realize people's instagram feeds are manufactured to just show the good side of things right? People only show when they're happy or when they appear to be happy, but in reality they might be just as miserable as you. It's all fake.;weak
Ask your school counselor what resources they can give you. Just go into the office, ask for the counselor, and see what they've got.;no
I'm sorry. You have no one to talk to?;strong
I'm sorry that you're also in this position. I'm honestly just waiting for my parents to die so I can kill myself.;strong
I feel the same. For years of isolation, now I don't know if I ever will find someone to love me, talk to me.;no
I experience this all the time. It increases when I'm in an especially bad place, like I am now.  I feel part of a completely different universe to this one. So near yet so far away. It's horrible but there are times it feels peaceful. It doesn't scare me anymore, and I'm not quite sure why. Maybe because I've been experiencing this for years?;no
Yes. I feel like if I'm not being helpful/useful then I'm pretty much worthless;no
We all want that. waited for that all my life.;no
right there with you, not sure it's a positive or negative to dream literally every time I fall asleep.....;weak
Fuck happiness, I'm kind of OK not being suicidal. Boring is good;no
Woah... that's accurate. The posts in this sub today really reflect me. This is very truthful, I just live with it;strong
*hug* I can't remember the last time someone apart from my mom hugged me either, I need a hug or a cuddle so bad, the lack of intimacy with anyone is killing me. I feel incredibly lonely and empty all the time. I don't know how long I can go on. Best of luck!;strong
Don't worry, we are mortal for a reason.;weak
I feel your inner turmoil and pain. I'm not sure of your age or history but I was married for 14 years (no children) and have lived on my own the last eight. It hasn't been easy. It's not fun. There were times I didn't trust myself alone and I recognized that I needed to take steps to help myself so I sought out therapy and it has been helping tremendously (both the one-on-one therapy and resulting meds). Do you have a therapist? Do you have access to one? If so I highly recommend going. It's one of those things that carries almost no risk - it can only help.;weak
I used to be very hurt by that-- but now I just focus on how the relationship feels when we're in person. I may be the last to text but if we can get together and it feels like we haven't missed a beat-- I'm cool.;no
Yea i wish I had someone who truly understood.;no
I'm sorry you are feeling this way. We are here for you.;strong
It's confusing to feel like this a reason to feel like this. You seem to have multiple reasons to feel this way just according to your post/comment history. According to how you described your birthday and vacation, there are reasons you didn't enjoy them. If something sucks, it sucks. It's not your fault you don't enjoy something that sucks and shouldn't force yourself to try to enjoy something that sucks, because it won't stop sucking to you because you think that it shouldn't.;weak
Same here. Depression made me into a miserable bitter piece of shit when I used to be humble and kind to everyone.;no
Yessss! Don't have to worry about anyone disturbing my sleep.;weak
As Nas says, sleep is the cousin of death. It's the kindest form of oblivion.;no
I know the feel, I just know why;weak
"So sorry you are going through this. My mom died when I was 21. It's a traumatizing experience. I hope you have a supportive family. My family was only my mom and sisters at that time. Don't kill your self; your dad would not want that. Get help even if you don't feel like living right now. It does get better.";strong
*hug* I can't remember the last time someone apart from my mom hugged me either, I need a hug or a cuddle so bad, the lack of intimacy with anyone is killing me. I feel incredibly lonely and empty all the time. I don't know how long I can go on. Best of luck!;strong
you came to the wrong place;no
Absolutely. Where I live I can be killed peacefully in a hospital if I have a terminal physical disease such as cancer. Depression/Anxiety is also terminal...it kills slower but it is just as painful in different ways.;no
Good morning bro, im happy that you woke up and read this comment! I hope you have a great day today!;strong
What do you think death will be like, if I might ask?;no
Yeah, this feeling is a strong one. Felt it consistently for a lot of my childhood and early adulthood. The truth is that I never dealt with it constructively, or at least in a way that could help me get to the root of that feeling. Part of the reason I think you and I are on this in the first place is because we were never taught how to deal with that feeling constructively. In my case, I used constant denial and self-numbing ... At some point, I just assumed the pit was a part of me I could choose to ignore. You seem to be actively trying to experience it. You are engaging your sadness, which is objectively good for working through depression. It may not be what you might call 'conventional' but everyone does their thing a little differently :) If what you are doing no longer works for you though, it might be best to start looking for other (healthy) ways of working through that discomfort. Personally, when I feel that pit, I know what thoughts tend to follow it. Fortunately, my therapists (and my stay at hospital) helped me come up with ways to attack that pit when it hit me hard. In order to redirect those thoughts that create it, I try to reach out to anyone in my support net. It's hard because I feel like they won't give a shit, but most of the time, they do (but I often choose to ignore that reality). Or I will simply write some positive words here, on this. Reaching out to others here in positive ways is not just for others, but for my own sake as well. As you put so well, giving that pit a 'purpose'. But don't cover that feeling up. Continue to engage with it, as best as you can. It's there for a reason. Hopefully, the more you work with it, the easier it is to process and let go.;weak
Sorry for your loss, but don't feel guilty, there's probably a reason why you feel that way. Also, your feelings might clear with time.;strong
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.;no
I'm so sorry to hear about your situation--that's a really difficult thing to have to endure, especially with your family's lack of understanding. I don't think you should give up the possibility of finding relief for your pain--even if there is not a reliable treatment now, pain relief is a major area of medical science research. (Is medical marijuana legal where you live, or if not is it a possibility to move to where it is?) You might find support and recommendations at r/sciatica Hang in there. I would strongly recommend trying to talk to a therapist if that's an option. Otherwise, it seems to me the other most important thing you can do is to try to find work or an activity, paid or unpaid, that is meaningful to you (if movement is an issue, look up online opportunities) which will help you get your mind off of your pain.;strong
Feeling at rock bottom is not selfish. When you continually feel like that, something is wrong and should be sorted. Dojt worry what others think. You are important. I've learned this;weak
I'm so sorry. Are u ok;strong
Sometimes the suffering gets too much, you know? I'm in a similar situation to you.;no
If you were here I would hug you right now.;strong
*hug* Whatever the situation is that's causing you to feel this way, please remember to exercise compassion towards yourself.;strong
Will pray for you my friend.;weak
That's great OP, the first step in overcoming the depression and the shitty feelings is being ready to ask for help. Talking can be very helpful and sometimes it feels good to let your feelings out. How are you doing today?;weak
I'm sort of the same. I have friends, but I don't have close friends. I can be at a social event, especially family gatherings and I would feel so alone when everyone has fun socializing with each other.;no
Everything counts, I didn't go to that extreme but I did go a whole month. Take cold showers btw that's said to improve your mood.;no
I am sorry. I don't know what to say.;strong
Sorry man, PC masterrace here. Hope you'll spruce up your friend list nicely.;strong
I'm so happy for you! This is definitely a good sign.;strong
"change your diet and lifestyle. eat whole and organic, exercise daily (walk for 30 mins), get plenty of sun, spend time in nature, drink lots of water, pursue a spiritual path, get rid of toxic things and people in your life, stop doing things that damage your wellbeing (junk food, bad habits, addictions, drugs, porn, etc.), wake up &amp; go to sleep early, take cold showers (proven to help depression &amp; increase energy), try /r/nofap, do meaningful work (work you love doing), express gratitude, be thankful you're still alive on this planet, and learn to change things you can and accept the things you can't.";no
You are not a fraud, your are worthy. Also, abrupt change of tone, what does sme mean?;weak
ive never drunk before, whats it like?;no
I'm sorry to hear how you're feeling right now, and although everything you do at the moment may feel pointless, there will come a time when your purpose will become apparent, and everything will hopefully make sense. All I can really say right now is to strive on, do the things that make you happy and cherish the people that make you feel loved. I wish you a wonderful future OP, and hope that one day everything will be better.;strong
"Trust me, don't do it. I have a scar on my left arm where I cut really deep and it gives me anxiety from people seeing it and depresses my mood looking at it. Doesn't help that I'm in fucking GCSEs either, but anyway I'm rambling. I know you wanna see blood; that's how I was too. But just don't, for me.";weak
The fact that I'll die xD;no
You know what kind of answer you'll get here. I know this is your state of mind right now, but realize that it is a state of mind. You want to take some kind of action to change your circumstances and right now suicide seems like the only option. That's because taking some kind of action to change your circumstances helps lift your brain out of its depression. Suddenly you don't feel completely hopeless. Maybe life can be better after all... Except you'd be having that thought as you're dying. That would be terrible. So you have to find some other way to turn things around.;weak
Try to let this show you that it isent your time, things can be better, it doesn't happen overnight although you wish it too. Please think of yourself and everyone who loves you too, we only get one shot at this life, please don't. If you need to talk, I'm here;weak
"What happened? &gt; I wasn't scared. I wasn't anything. Just pissed off at the guy for blaming me. Lol. i've had the same thing happen a few days ago at a crossover and i remember just thinking *Either kill me or don't, don't give me hope.*";no
Hello there, don't worry, you're not alone! It's good you are reaching out in a state of confusion, it's better in a way that it can help you get a grip of things again. Just know you're not alone for now and that I'd like to lend an ear if you feel comfortable to. We're in this together.;weak
I'm sorry, that is so sad!!!! It is a cruel world. But you make it better with your kind, sensitive heart.;strong
ive lost hope im just numb now;no
No, I basically did this and dug myself into a much deeper hole to climb out of.;no
Yea this past summer ive not been up to much but walking a couple hours a day through my city. it's nice until I can't stop and keep telling myself, i'll go home at the next subway stop until 1 in the morning. A week or so ago I saw a movie an hour into a walk on a whim, and then walked another 3 hours, from the West Village to the Upper East Side;no
Talk to him about it, maybe he forgot it was your b-day or he had an emergency? For better or for worse, talk to him about it and clear it up or else that terrible feeling you currently have is going to stick around for a sometime.;no
Take solace my friend, there is no normal. We are walking around with big bags of shit on our backs. Yours is different than mine but they are both full and they are both heavy. Make your way in the world lugging that bitch with you every where you go, just like the rest of us.;weak
if you need someone to talk to, you can add my snap emma.xlea i know music wont help this feeling, but i recommend high highs to low lows by lolo zouai. it helps me feel a little bit more refreshed.;weak
I don't eat, I just drink soda.;no
Hey there you seem to be going through something, care to share?;weak
Yes. had better nights sleep in my car than my bed sometimes. Find a secluded spot, read a book/watch a movie, write in a journal.;no
It is. It's very tough to keep going. I can't tell you how to make it stop, I wish I could. I just try to focus on the next very small thing I can do. I'm sorry dude. You aren't alone, I promise.;strong
the two biggest signs for me are when when i start neglecting my appearance and stop cleaning my room.;no
I'm sorry for your pain. Wanna talk?;strong
I used to do this a lot. Thinking of really aggressive and horrific things happening to me would make me feel so much better. But afraid thinking like that would just make suicide seem easier and easier. While here you might as well think or do something else you like. Anything at all, even if really shitty or just doing drugs all day or whatever! not here long anyway so you might as well do whatever makes you happy for the time being while we wait to expire.;weak
Right there with you today.. stay strong, got this.;weak
this year after a year no incident. it felt so familiar and delicious in a way only those had the habit will know. but its not a good habit. its just not healthy to have open wounds constantly and cutting yourself to handle problems wont help you deal with whats upsetting you. it instead will be a permanent reminder of the pain you feel now. what if instead you used the energy to do something constructive. express yourself. do whatever you Need to do. you Want to cut. you dont need to. you never have. it was just a coping mechanism. you lived without it before and theres no good reason to do it. you dont need to do this. youre not weak or damaged for losing to your emotions and giving into yourself now. but dont lose yourself in the idea that you have to throw all the progress you made away. its been three years and cut yourself once in all those three. thats something to be proud of. sorry this is kinda long but i personally cut for the first time at 11 and it become a habit til 13. i had a relapse myself earlier this year and i know the urge may never go away completely but its something you can control. you can gain greater satisfaction doing something that fulfills you rather than damages you. its just a fact.;weak
It's true we live in a society where crying in public or hugging strangers are frowned upon. We've gone very far into the illusions of separation and it's going to take some time to break through these, but it's going to happen I have no doubt anymore! I'm sending you love and hugs through the wire even if it's only designed for 0 and 1, feel it!;strong
I feel like there might just be an in-between as well. Where someone might not care about you much but not mind being with you some/most of the time. Or is this a neutral-positive perspective?;no
I'm so sorry, I understand your loss. My grandma just passed away on 05/26. It's hard to accept that we will never spend time with them again and that everything we have now is just our memories. I know it seems cliche, but it really does get better with time.;strong
You really shouldn't be ashamed to cry in front of your mom. I understand it's embarrassing sometimes but hopefully she will understand how hard it is for you. She's seen you cry before, she knows you're human.;weak
Very sorry to hear it. She came back the first time?;strong
I hope it gets better for you. Just remember to take care of yourself while you are depressed. What do you tell people to do when they are sick with the flu? You tell them to drink water, get plenty of rest, don't overexert, and eat bland foods. Drink tea, medicine, whatever. This is recommended for the most rapid recovery. If they neglect this advice, they run the risk of getting sicker. What do you tell someone who is sick with depression? Just do your best to keep up with life. Make sure you eat, make sure you sleep, brush your teeth, do whatever chores you would normally do, try not to turn to any vice or addiction, and avoid isolating yourself. If you upkeep with life, you are more likely to see a faster recovery. If you fail to upkeep, you run the risk of digging a hole and becoming more depressed. You are strong, and you got this. Best of luck to you.;weak
I ask myself the same thing. Do I really have a mental illness or is it all a sham to justify my weak pathetic demeanor? Why do you think your weak?;no
Keep positive man, the best thing you can do is focus on yourself and your endeavors. Never quit, never give up. You got this man.;weak
Happy Birthday. I'm sorry your birthday is going less well than you hoped. I had kind of a rough start in high school too so I know how you feel better than most. I'm open to talk whenever you like.;strong
I'm sorry that you're also in this position. I'm honestly just waiting for my parents to die so I can kill myself.;strong
Yeah a really bad idea. Just ramping up the artificial amounts of dopamine consuming until numb to everything going to help in the slightest. how you get addicted to heroin.;no
It might be because it's all we've ever known and were scared that anything else will be worse;no
yes. wanna vent to each other? just pm me;weak
do you have any hobbies? do you like movies, tv shows, books, music, games? they all seem to help me distract myself from feeling like shit, distraction is your friend when you hit an especially low spot.;no
If you're ever feeling really down and feel you have nobody to talk to always call a help line. Plus what even if calling does nothing it's first occupied you for some time so that you don't do anything else and secondly it's better then not even bothering to call at all. Please call a help line and trust me it's what you need to do right now.;weak
Yeah bud, same boat. If I'm not working, I'm in bed. Just zoning out not moving. The struggle is real with no real answers;strong
*hugs* Try and take care of yourself. I know it seems hopeless and like your trapped but don't let this fucker get the best of you;strong
Because sometimes it just takes time. Serotonin and dopamine take their time to adjust. Also, though the gym is great, it will deplete you so you might be suffering from that. Get a lot of protein, magnesium and zinc and repeat tomorrow. And congrats! You did great today.;strong
I can agree with every single thing you have listed there, and experience them all. It is not normal for a 24 year old good looking, well educated man to be feeling this way - but I have never felt right in life. The biggest thing that kills me is that I have never experienced a relationship or genuine friendship in my life. I find myself completely and utterly alone every day. My only communication is with my clients by email. I do leave the house, but it's only to go to the grocery store or for a walk - by myself of course. I read on the internet about all these wonderful holiday destinations that i'd love to visit, but I can barely afford it and going by myself is not enticing at all. Just sick of it..;weak
I'm sorry for however long you still have to deal with them, but some day you will be able to walk away from them if you choose to, and that is 100% okay. You are your own very awesome person and they don't get a say in who you are.;strong
That's quite a common symptoms among the depressed actually. I can relate to very well.;weak
Me too. I try to establish a connection, they just stop talking eventually;no
Being alone is terrible. I'm sorry you're alone. If I hear an implicit request for a suggestion in there, then I suggest doing just about anything different. Anything, really. Break your horrible, lonely routine. The only thing worse than lonely sadness is the certainty that it will not change. What can you do differently tomorrow?;strong
I'm sorry. I've been in and out of a relationship for years now. She's loving and considerate and great in so many ways.. but there's no commitment. Actually the space between us has grown over the years. I guess part of it is that I'm a bit of a basket case and it can be emotionally taxing. I don't even want to put her through all of that for the rest of her life. But at the end of the day I just want to go home and share my life with her.. and she's not there. She's done so much for me but it makes me feel so unwanted that this is the end of the line. Like I'm just a burden and despite all the love she has to offer, I'm just too screwed up for it to work. I feel so lonely and so stupid for everything I've done to turn her away.;strong
You are capable of doing things on your own. If your boyfriend doesn't make you happy, you don't have to be with him. If you are worried about coping, you can take things slowly, step by step. I should follow my own advice here as well: don't be afraid to seek therapy if you can. It will help, even if it only helps a little. As for your job, I'm sorry it didn't work out. But don't let things ruminate in your mind. Worrying about them over and over does nothing to help you. *Depression thrives in rumination*. Try looking into mindfulness meditation. It's not spiritual garbage, it's literally training the neural pathways in your brain to put less weight on particular thoughts, so that you don't get stuck in negative feedback loops. It takes time to change your brain structure, but it can be done. Another thing is to find distractions. Productive is better, but if you keep the less productive ones in check they can be helpful also. Delve into hobbies or learn a new skill. Be social and try new things. That's the best way to cope in my opinion. I need to take my own advice.;weak
I know how you feel, especially now that almost every day I get more and more bad news and more crap is piling on top of the old ones. It gets harder seeing other people having fun together when I am alone. It gets harder seeing my friend online, but doesn't want to talk to me.;weak
a precious entity. so much more than the harm you cause yourself.;weak
sorry you feel this way. I do too. It provides a release.;strong
I know all too well what you mean. People scare and anger me, have for years, and as a result I don't actually have a single person I would consider a friend and have never had a relationship, but I crave that stuff every night. It causes hard insomnia worrying about if I'll have to be alone forever with no friends or partners to the point I can only sleep out of exhaustion, but then once I have and I wake up the next morning, I'll loathe that I have to go outside and interact with people for work. It's a daily nightmare. I would say that MAYBE, if I gave advice on it, it would be that I used to have a similar thing with shyness, and with that I pushed myself into more and more social situations and now am not so shy. It MAYBE might work the same way with liking/disliking social interaction. But I do that everyday and I still don't like people. I'm more COMFORTABLE around them, but I still don't LIKE them. And it's an entirely different ball park with depression/anxiety than shyness, otherwise if it were so easy to just 'force' yourself to socialize to fix the problem, I'd be doing it myself. If pushing yourself into those situations does help, I hope you find the courage to do it sometime, buddy.;weak
I think it just could be that you're tired from all the pain and suffering you endured throughout the day, and (as you've said) feel that you dont deserve the bed. But trusy me, that bed will be the greatest thing in your life. Whether its to sleep in, or cry on, you will feel bettee;weak
So many feels. Here to chat if you'd like. I'm going through a similar thing at the moment and it's tearing me apart.;weak
I can't tell you the quickest way to die but the easiest way to die, which is to keep on living until you get too old;no
Ahw im so sorry for you, what happened to your dog if i may ask?;strong
"haha when I come back home I never even go out into my home town. I can't tell you how severe that problem is - if I met an old friend I'd black out...had a dream it happened...it's awful. That's the social side - could you imagine the questions?? What are you up to; what do you do etc. FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK that";no
Are you afraid they will critizise you?;no
So sorry for your loss;strong
Talk with your teachers, ask how you can get caught up and back in the swing of things. Most teachers would be happy to have you reach out, plus by being in communication with them, they'll be there to help keep your motivation up. Work out a plan for each class on how to raise grades, maybe see if you can stay before or after school with one of them to have them monitor you while you work. I hate to say this, but school academics come over sports. If time mangement is becoming hard, maybe ask if you can lower yourself from captian position. Freshmen year is easiest for most, so you might want to get help now to save yourself from only deciding to change say in junior year. I'm sorry your mental illness is having an affect like this, but the first step is admitting you want help which you've done so good job! I'll be rooting for you.;strong
That's good. If only everybody around me wouldn't lie every chance they could.;no
his friend is depression and his friend is telling him 'no';no
I can't make any promises :P But I'm up so I'll try to help. What's up?;weak
Chill man high school isn't that bad all you have to do is just be chill and if you don't want to talk to anyone that's fine but eventually someone will want to talk to you that's just how it is :);strong
Sorry to hear you have felt this way for so long. Some more background would be helpful. Were you ever bullied? Do you have a circle of friends?;strong
Could you call child protective services?;no
Quit your job make some coffee and jump in a raid. Don't get out of your pjs;no
I feel ya.. Hope that you'll get through this moment in time.;weak
It's the same for me...I can't believe how little I've experienced. There's a part of me that wants to really live rather than just 'existing' but I don't know if I'll ever be able to let myself. I guess if you can take that step and put yourself out there, make each day mean something even if it's only small things etc, you should. But I know it's a lot easier said than done. I don't really have any advice for you, but just wanted to let you know that you're not alone. Maybe volunteering somewhere could help you if that's something that's possible for you...doing something meaningful and giving yourself purpose and all that.;weak
I'm glad that it helped you. :);weak
For what worth it probably mean much coming from a complete stranger but glad it failed, or the world would have just lost 1 more good person and we are low on them as is You can pm me anytime if you wanna talk;strong
Yea why I don't text anymore. All people want to hear is fake, surface, superficial shit.;no
Hmu if you want to talk.;weak
